#1 Is it just me, or are EC boys really hot? 
It's probably just me XD
#2 MIT made me ugly
#3 "Why do you need a girlfriend when you can watch pornhub? " That's when you know that he's been failing to get one for four years.  #SingleSeniors
#4 God damn it, I love you. Why do you have to be my ex's friend?
#5 I hope Obama is not our commencement speaker
#6 I love all the asian girls on campus!
#7 I saw care packages in my dorm's lobby today that made me really sad. I've been a really good friend to so many people: my floormates, my sisters. I've always made an effort to be there for them. Yet I haven't received any reciprocation. Is this MIT? Cause this is bs
#8 I'm a sophomore and I still don't know what Taylor Series are.
#9 Can the people who are submitting B.S. like, "Ohhh, the feeling of a hard PSet is orgasmic [yada yada yada]," just please not post? This is a place where we humanize MIT students. You're doing the opposite by saying your 8.012 PSet turns your masochist on (by the way, you freshman have no right to be saying that). Moreover, you're trivializing people's anguish. Fine, call me butt-hurt. I used to think just like you..................until my friend killed himself. One PSet, one exam, or one problem is not going to push someone off the edge, but they do contribute to that sort of shit. Don't dishonor them, and kindly STFU. Kthxbai.
#10 I made a comment to friend, that I meant as sort of a joke, and they were hurt by it, which makes me feel guilty cause not the person who usually does that.
#11 After a long day at work, Kanye West goes to his Kanye Nest, to take a Kanye Rest. He wakes up feeling his Kanye Best. Then he'll get dressed in his Kanye Vest, and go on a Kanye Quest. He goes to church to get Kanye Blessed, and then to a hotel to be a Kanye Guest. Then he's off to school to take a Kanye Test. But he forgot to brush his teeth, did he run out of Kanye Crest? He then realized his neighbor stole it, what a Kanye Pest.
#12 Dear MIT Housing,

If you're going to be dicks and catch people who don't leave during one of the way-too-many fire alarms because apparently you haven't fucked over the students enough, at least do it on a weekend when I don't have actual shit to do. Then again, this note assumes you care at all about student welfare, so I guess this note is useless.

Signed,
All of MIT
#13 As revenge for borrowing his clothes too many times, my boyfriend wore my yoga pants. He looked better in them than I do T-T
#14 I've been feeling very depressed lately - eating like crap, not talking to my friends, skipping classes, coming home late, sleeping too much or too little, failing tests and psets, surfing youtube rather than doing psets. I wake up with anxiety every single day. I have days when I spend the time I should be psetting curled up in my room or in a nearby bathroom having an anxiety attack, holding my head and waiting for the dark voices to go away. Sometimes they don’t. 

People don’t seem to notice this change. Why would they? I haven’t made any friends close enough for me to open up to to care or notice. It’s my fault I’m so alone. Yet, why do I feel so sad about this self-made situation. Maybe I’m just weak. In terms of workload, I have it super easy this semester. I’ve only had one or two quizzes this week for midterms, but my other friends have 3 or 4 midterms and psets together. They must be more stressed out than I am, but they’re handling it better than me. I’m probably just weak.

I know that people keep telling me to seek out friends because "you can't get through MIT alone," but talking to people just seems so entirely worthless. Even if I do talk to people, it'll just feel like I'm being a nuisance to them; they won't really care. People only say that they care, but after you bother them too much, you just become an annoyance.

I already tried going to MIT mental health, but I got the same vibe from them. When I told the psychiatrist that I was feeling sad, they pried for more information and I felt very attacked. Can’t they just listen to what I have to say without getting so worked up about it? I understand that it’s their job to make sure that I’m not in any “immediate danger,” but at the same time, couldn’t they see me as a person rather than as just another patient they need to hurry up and fix? They didn’t even seem to be interested in what I was saying when I was happy - listening and nodding with the same bored and distant eyes as all the other people who said they “cared.” They don’t really care; It’s just their job. When my hour is up, they would just tell me to wrap it up and ask for another appointment time. If I can't even open up to the psychiatrist without being judged and possibly sent to a mental hospital for the slightest misstep, who else can I trust? After a few weeks, I just feigned happiness and never went back again to mental health again.

Now I’m more depressed than ever. It’s so hard just getting through every single day. Who am I living for? What am I living for? What’s the point anymore? I don’t know what to do. I can’t ask MIT Mental Health help because they’ll just send me to a mental hospital. I can’t talk to friends because they honestly don’t care and will just find my constant depression annoying. I can’t tell my family because I don’t want them to worry. I’m not doing well with any of my psets, tests, or obligations because I can’t concentrate. But at this rate, it’s so hard to just keep living through every single day with a fake mask of happiness. When is it all going to be over...
#15 Am I the only one who feels overwhelmed by what upperclassmen (and some underclassmen tbh) do? I hear about people making their own businesses/NGO's and doing intensive research and I'm here like ...............................
#16 I got divided and conquered and then DP'd by that 6.046 midterm
#17 Am I a bad feminist if I enjoyed "*TRIGGERED*" memes?
#18 Pro of MIT Confessions filtering out more posts: less shitty/spammy posts. Con of MIT Confessions filtering out more posts: my shitposts never see the light of day :'(
#19 There's this cute guy I wanna date but he's extraordinarily intense, has abominable attitudes about gender, and reminds me of a vampire.
#20 how are the people who got 5th week flags doing right now? what do you even do if you get one?
#21 I saw you, redhead hottie with the polkadot backpack walking down the infinite. Your ass looked great in that plaid skirt.
#22 Guy: *gets blowjob*
Guy: did u cum babe
#23 I recall my first time with a condom, I was 16 or so. I went in to buy a packet of condoms at the pharmacy. There was this beautiful woman assistant behind the counter, and she could see that I was new at it. She handed me the package and asked if I knew how to wear one. I honestly answered, ‘No, this is my first time.’

So she unwrapped the package, took one out and slipped it over her thumb. She cautioned me to make sure it was on tight and secure. I apparently still looked confused. So, she looked all around the store to see if it was empty. It was empty.

‘Just a minute,’ she said, and walked to the door, and locked it. Taking my hand, she led me into the back room, unbuttoned her blouse and removed it. She unhooked her bra and laid it aside. ‘Do these excite you?’ She asked.

Well, I was so dumb-struck that all I could do was nod my head. She then said it was time to slip the condom on. As I was slipping it on, she dropped her skirt, removed her panties and lay down on a desk.

‘Well, come on’, she said, ‘We don’t have much time.’ So I climbed on her. It was so wonderful, that unfortunately, I could no longer hold back and KAPOWWWWWWWW, I was done within a few moments.

She looked at me with a bit of a frown. ‘Did you put that condom on?’ she asked.

I said, ‘I sure did,’ and held up my thumb to show her.

She fainted.
#24 At this point my love life has come down to reading MIT Confessions and pretending their about me...
#25 I'm sick. I don't have time to be sick here so I don't go to Medical about it. Sad reacts only
#26 Lost my watch at a party once. Saw a guy stepping on it while sexually harassing a girl. I walked up to the dude, punched him straight in the nose. No one does that to a girl, not on my watch.
#27 Academics, Social Life, Sleep. At MIT it's pick one, right? Then can someone please explain to me how tf I managed to pick the hidden "none of the above" option?
#28 I am so socially awkward, I might as well be a potato - a raw potato. Someone please turn me into fries!
#29 To so many people who have post depressed confessions: You have the right to pursue happiness. You do not have to live up to anyone else's expectations. You do not have to do a damn thing you don't want to. You are an adult, you have the power to make whatever decisions you like. Pick something where you're okay with the outcome. Don't decide based on what other people are okay with. Do you.  Sincerely, cruft.
#30 The Warriors blew a 3-1 lead
3-1 reversed is 1-3
Delonte West wore jersey # 13
LeBron's mother blew Delonte West
#31 Those of you horny students looking for a sexual relationship to relieve how horny you are... it just makes you more horny, trust me. Instead of watching a bunch of porn you'll just spend the same amount of time daydreaming about new places/positions to pound your SO
#32 what do you do when your boyfriend feels emasculated by your intelligence
#33 In high school, my parents would always compare to a specific girl, even though she lived in a different state. They always talked about how she was studying for the SATs in freshman year or how she didn't let boys or fashion distract her or how she would get into every college she applied to. My wonderful parents haven't mentioned her name in years, but the scars remain. I hate this girl, and I hate myself for hating her. I'm sure she's a wonderful person, but I can't even look her in the eye.
#34 I'm a closeted lesbian, and I recently found out that my friend might also be into girls. I feel like we have great conversations, and I always feel comfortable and relaxed around her. It gives me a warm fuzzy feeling  knowing that I might have a chance :3
#35 One of the most exciting parts of my life is the moment when that little green check mark finally appears next to my answer on MITx. I need to get out more.
#36 I play League with you because I have a huge crush on you, let's 1v1 sometime... in bed. ;)
#37 The only reason I'm an LA is so when my students see me at a party, they'll know that I'm a cool person.
#38 Protip: if you think you're queer, try being queer. It's the best.
#39 The replacement 5.12 professor is SO MUCH WORSE than the original one, RIP my grade
#40 I wish Sam Leff would notice me.. She is such a cutie pi <3
#41 I feel bad for Eric Lander every time I watch the MITx videos for 7.00x. Poor guy had to sit there for probably a couple hours and say something stupid like "To make sure you know how it works, try answering this question" over and over and over for each individual video....
#42 My dream is to get fifty gallons of ice cream and to consume it all in one sitting.
#43 One time, I was staying at a hotel for an overnight math competition. At the event was a boy who had sent me a friend request a few weeks ago (which I did not accept because I heard he was creepy). Once, he cornered me in the hotel and made me friend him. I didn't think much of it at the time, but now I realize that was extremely creepy. And yet, I'm also relieved he didn't do anything worse.
#44 You looked so much cuter when your hair was longer. :(
#45 To the guy who tried to use his crutches to prop open the second set of doors for me after I held open the first door for him, thank you for making me laugh and for totally making my day with your thoughtfulness :) I wish you a speedy recovery!
#46 Worst part of being a super senior: your class of 2016 league buddies are scattered all over different time zones, and it's harder to get all these assholes together and play a ranked game in league. 

Best part being a super senior: you don't have to share a laundry machine with said assholes anymore.
#47 “With sockets, remember that the output of one process is the input of another process. If Alice and Bob have a socket connection, Alice has an output stream that flows to Bob’s input stream, and vice versa.”

When 50 shades isn’t cutting it #6.005
#48 There's this cute and charming asian dude at Next House that I really like. I met him at his frat party and I want to get together with him but I found out that he's bi and I feel that doing so might be strange. Should I go for it anyway?
#49 I briefly considered suicide after getting rejected by a ton of internships and I'm scared of what could have happened.
#50 i could make love to Sam Smith's voice
#51 I'm bulimic but have been too afraid to tell anyone for the last year.  I keep thinking I can fix it on my own, but I'm not sure I can.
#52 Where do I go if i'm a queer girl looking for other queer girls to hook up with?
#53 I chose MIT over Stanford in my senior high school year because of the dank memes #bestChoiceInMyLife
#54 Post-midterm procedure:

1. Open syllabus
2. Check grade weights of all categories
3. "Well, if I get 100% in everything else..."

Repeat
#55 In a positive way, I have absolutely no worries about my future. Call me egoistic, but I consider myself as one capable, highly intelligent young mind that actually understands how this world works. 
''You don't know shit'' - you must be thinking, but I'm not even gonna try to change your mind, since all of us have those defense mechanisms that tell us no one could have a better understanding of the world than ourselves, right? A bit of a background on me - Grades and psets are fine, as well as sleep, shape, friends, and mental health in general. Plus, I got no problems with getting some action from time to time. And no, I'm not a freshman on P/NR cruising through MIT, sorry to disappoint some of you who still got their shields on. To conclude this short, rare, and positive MIT confession, I'd like to add that I wish all of you luck in sorting the puzzle pieces and getting your shit together. 
Sincerely, a slightly egoistic person for whom you'll say 'I went to college with him/her"
#56 All the guys at Boo's cruise dressed up as secret service were hot af
#57 I spend a few hours a week with this guy who thinks I'm straight, but I'm gay as fuck, and I have the hugest crush on him. He doesn't know either of this but we connect really well, and are great friends. He has a nice laugh, infectious. Funny thing is, as long as we're friends, and we get to hang out, I'm content with it all.
#58 I now really believe everything can indeed happen in America. 

America, you are very interesting.
#59 Can SafeRide take me to Canada???
#60 Thanks Donald Trump - you are a reminder that I should apply for that job, even though I don't have any experience.
#61 I don't think anyone expected Trump to actually win, me included. I was really torn this election, but I ended up voting for Trump. Though I don't agree with all of Hillary's policies or all of Trump's, I really did think about this decision hard, and I struggled with it. Just because I voted for Trump doesn't mean I think he's anywhere close to a good person. Like many people who voted for Trump, I'm hesitant and worried about our country going forward. His presidential candidacy could very well turn out to be a total disaster, but I hope people can find enough grace in themselves to give him a chance. To be honest, I am very hurt by the amount of hate I see on my newsfeed toward Trump supporters. I see a whole group of people being generalized and put down as idiots, racists, rapists, and uneducated rednecks when these people could very well be the nicest people you know, someone's mom, or maybe one of your closest friends. To be honest, to the people wondering where all the Trump support came from, if you even gave people around you a chance to discuss these topics respectfully and try to convince them of your views instead of putting down Trump and his supporters - if you didn't assume that your friends voted for Hillary leaving them no space to say they were thinking about voting for Trump, maybe things could've gone differently. I am not trying to start an argument here, but I wish people who advocate for tolerance and justice would be able to respect that people who voted for Trump had their reasons. They have their values, and you shouldn't just assume yours are better than theirs.
#62 im sad and i just want to cuddle right now
#63 On the bright side weed is legal now, so who is down for a giant blaze on killian?
#64 Sometimes I really dislike some of my sisters (especially those on exec) and think about de-affiliating, but then I remember there are some sisters that I have grown so close to that I can't imagine my life without them <3
#65 It might be hard and scary right now, but try to remember that there is at least someone out there who is thinking of you. You are loved. You matter. Don't let anybody tell you that you don't. We'll get through this together, ok? Thank you for being you.
#66 You would think that a 5.0 GPA would get you somewhere in the job hunt.
#67 Last week I illegally downloaded a movie on MIT's network. Does this make me eligible for my Pirate Certificate?
#68 I will never forgive the fact that MIT took what could have been the greatest four years of my life.
#69 It's amazing how MIT can make people so heartless and uncaring for others. I thought I had made an impression on the people in my living group, but I guess not. I couldn't even get a single person to drop their work for a few hours in the night to come to a performance I've been preparing for the whole semester.
#70 To the small brunette who was crying in the stairwell on the phone - I'm sorry I didn't stop and see if you were ok. I'm just the most socially awkward person ever and probably would have made things worse :(
#71 Why does MIT think having a 8 HASS classes requirement is a good thing? Like humanity is good and sometimes I gain new perspectives by the end of it, but when I came to a tech school for technical reasons, reading 150pages every week plus reflections and essays are really quite some burdens when I'm already not super interested. Can't we just have some chill HASS classes where we can just watch GATTACA and passively absorb cool humanity knowledge after a really long day? 
Not bashing on HASS classes but seriously I'm so hating on life because of how much stress they give me.
#72 Why does every single bathroom at MIT smell so disgusting
#73 Sometimes, I get bored of browsing facebook on my laptop and so I grab my phone and start browsing there instead.
#74 It's hard to be a fat Asian girl. It feels like my fat makes people think I'm not female and I'm not of Asian heritage, like fat encompasses my entire identity.
#75 I'm heartbroken because Jane Street keeps rejecting me.
#76 I'm amazed by how dumb I can be sometimes.
#77 Even though I'm a single and unsuccessful MIT freshMAN, I must admit that MIT women in my class are by far the most impressive people I have ever met. Highly intelligent. Independent. Beautiful. 99% perfect.
#78 People are like deer when I'm biking around campus. I just want to yell at them, "Get the fuck out of the way and stop staring."
#79 Sometimes I just need someone to tell me it's okay that I'm failing a few classes, even if it's not.
#80 6.UAT has brought my self-confidence to a whole new low. I feel so crushed. It's a well taught class but it's also shown me how incredibly bad I am at even the most basic communication with my peers.  I guess it's something I just have to keep working on.
#81 when you and your ex are still in love, but you want to experience someone else... *anxiety intensifies*
#82 Can someone help with genning in Pokémon Sun/Moon? Asking for a friend ofc
#83 I want an honest and romantic relationship with a guy. Too bad that most gay guys aren't looking for that
#84 Just saw Professor James Poterba (14.02 teacher and head of course 14), jogging to what I assumed was class at 12:04 with a worried look on his face. This reminded me of how great and supportive my economics professors have been to me, even though it's not my major. I appreciate their dedication to teaching and wanted to give them all a shoutout!
#85 guys! Our page where we view all your confessions has been inaccessible for a few days now. If you have confessions, message them to this page for the meanwhile! Sorry for the inconvenience.
#86 Interviewer:"Whats your biggest weakness?"
Me:"Interviews"
Interviewer:"And besides that?"
Me:"Follow up questions"
#87 I don't know what your name is but I've seen you walk out of MacGregor wearing a ring comm sweater, glasses, and a northface backpack. I just wanted to say that you're super cute but I'd never have the courage to say it to your face. I'm not sure if you even know who I am :(
#88 i wish people wouldn't call exam questions trivial -- this happened to me after the putnam, and i felt fucking stupid listening to people saying that a problem was easy/trivial. I DIDN'T FUCKING KNOW HOW TO SOLVE IT
#89 Francois Jabbour, You will be missed next semester
#90 I have a huge crush on you but I can't do anything about it because your roommate has a huge crush on me and you know it, and because of that you can't be with me knowing that I don't like her. Like I know there's protocol for this kind of thing, but I know that if it wasn't for your roommate then I would have a great chance of getting closer to you and that you would let it happen. I feel so unlucky that if you had roomed with anyone else that you and I could be together without hassle
#91 My exboyfriend who dumped me two months ago for being "bad at long distance" told me he cheated on me while we were still together on Wednesday. Is it bad if I make myself feel better by telling myself I'm way out of his league anyway? He's a piece of shit but it still hurts.
#92 I kind of feel like a ghost. No one has any idea where or who I am and I just float around in the background. I literally know the professors better than any of my classmates.
#93 Having a crush near the final week is the worst, not to mention that I'm having a crush on someone who has a girlfriend. Why are feelings so complicated ? Feelings, you go away and let me work! :(
#94 I went to a fraternity formal on Saturday night and wanted to fuck the RA instead of my date. I'm looking at you, Chi Phi.
#95 You broke my heart but I still really want to kiss you.
#96 GOOD LUCK ON FINALS EVERYONE

SIDE NOTE: we usually do not continue MIT confessions during the holiday break, but this year...

We wanna hear all the crazy or amazing shit you do during your winter break or IAP. Happy holiday season. I hope you all get to enjoy it the way you want!
#97 I need to stop waking up in the morning and trying to figure out what I did last night
#98 I love when my poops come out quick and full
#99 I think all of my friends are secretly precious cinnamon rolls.
#100 The people that don't reply when I tag them in memes are the worst
#101 All I want for Christmas is to know what ndS is.
#102 tfw the final is harder than all of the practice finals
#103 where are all the cute Korean boys here *_*
#104 Missing that great dick back at MIT while being home..
#105 When you come home and your best friend's mom refers to you as "MIT" and your other friend has you in his phone as "MIT🚀"
#106 I felt so social before I gained the Freshmen 15 and now I feel like I can't flirt with guys because they'll laugh in my face. I'm still at a normal weight but I feel like shit and almost failing my classes doesn't help either. How do I lose the weight?
#107 I want booty
#108 I'm a freshman dating a senior and I want him to move on after graduation. I don't know if I should wait until after commencement to break up, or sabotage the relationship to make sure I get dumped.
#109 As a current senior, I feel as though MIT has to some extent killed my love for learning. I think everyone's experience here differs, and I know of quite a few people who feel as though they've gotten opportunities here that they couldn't get anywhere else. I certainly feel like I've had some of those opportunities, but I feel as though there's not really that much positive reinforcement at this school. Throughout my time here, I've simply encountered feedback on how inadequate I was, no matter how hard I try sometimes. I guess it's good to know what my shortcomings are so that I can do better next time, but at the same time, I've never felt so dispassionate about my work as I do now. I've always known that there are lots of things I can improve, but I've rarely had an environment in which essentially everything that I tried to do turned out to be a failure. It's nice to sometimes catch a break.
#110 My girlfriend got mad that I was best snapchat friends with another girl, so she sent the other girl a topless selfie to even the score.
#111 He broke up with me. I knew we were probably going to break up some day, but it still hurts. I really liked him and I really wanted for it to work out in the end. But it didn't. I keep on thinking about what I possibly could have done wrong. Is there something wrong with me? How much of it was my fault? Could it have gone differently if I had done something different? I'm trying really hard to not think about it because I know it's over, and mulling over the details of the break up just make me really sad. I wish I didn't still have feelings now. I still miss him. I miss cuddling together. I miss so many things. I just wish this would go away. I thought I was getting better, but today I think I had a relapse. I still feel really hurt. Some of the things that happened between us were so painful and at times I was very unhappy with how things were between us. So I guess it was probably for the better. But it still hurts and it fucking sucks. And he probably is doing just fine, while I'm trying really hard to just be ok.
#112 MIT Memes for Intellectual beings is cancerous
#113 Whenever I see an address, I like to use divisibility rules to check if it is divisible by 9 or 11.
#114 I did not have an internship before Trump took office. Now I have one. Coincidence??
#115 I've about had it trying to pursue a relationship in college. I've had really bad luck during high school and up to this point in my college career trying to find something serious but instead get myself involved with really socially awkward guys who don't know what they're doing, fuckbois who only give a shit about fucking me for a night, or emotionally needy guys. Yeah, I get it, we're living in a hook up culture. But I feel like you can learn more out of a relationship. And I'm not going to do something I don't wanna do just because it's "college." If I have to wait years to find a boyfriend, then so be it. Because my expectations at this point are pretty damn high.
#116 I'm a Wellesley student. My roommate and I are each looking for boyfriends. This is not a drill. Save us from this ivory tower.
#117 Why do we refer to the certain archetype of comic book / movie villains as "mad scientists" even though most of them are actually engineers?
#118 Seeing you on Messenger always reminded me of when you rejected me. It hurt so much I decided to hide you so I wouldn't have to see your face anymore.
#119 Quote from 4 MIT frat boys: Men are trash
#120 Dating as a grad student is so hard. Why is every good guy taken? Also, how appropriate is it for a girl to ask out a guy? I don't mind doing it, but haven't done it because I am afraid they will think of me as a slut.
#121 Shout out to that crazy mofo that rides around on that big ass unicycle all the time. That dude is a legend.
#122 As a gay guy, I haven't been having the best luck dating here. I've met a few guys, but things just never seem to work out. For the past year and a half, I've been watching all my straight friends successfully find significant others. While I've been really happy for them, I can't help but feel somewhat envious. I'm not really sure where I'm going with this, but it would be interesting to see if anyone had any advice/felt the same way.
#123 I like mathematics because I like mathematicians. ;)
#124 I farted once on a bus and 4 people in front of me turned around, I thought I was on The Voice.
#125 If you're not interested in a girl, don't kiss her.
#126 "Explain your life in one sentence."  "I messed up."
#127 Does anyone happen to know whether I could still by a brass rat for the class of 2017 now? and how? Thank you very much (Also the coat with our name on it, could we still buy it now? who is the best person to contact)
#128 For some reason, people always remember things I say. The other day, some guy came up to me and said, "Hey remember that time you said life was cruel?" and I was like, "Wait when did I say this?"
#129 I've gotten rejected so many times that one would think I should just give up forever. Not going to lie I have began turning to drugs and alcohol, which never let me down. But then I met a guy, and even though I severely fucked up my chances with him, he is my motivation to get better. What I'm trying to say is that putting yourself out there makes you vulnerable, but if you never do it you will never find that person that makes it all worth it.
#130 I miss the days when I wasn't ashamed to say I was part of The Tech.
#131 Heard in 6.031: "Java is a low level language" spoken by someone who has obviously never seen c
#132 Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie in his Pixar collection, except for one. He is never gonna give you Up
#133 My taste in men is suboptimal. I've liked guys who are neither cute nor nice. I've liked guys who have played with my heart. I've liked guys who can't be bothered to shower daily. I simply don't know what to do with myself anymore.
#134 I my life. I need my own space. UUGHH. My bf Joseph is coming for 2 weeks so he basically won't come here and I'll have to go to his hotel because it's not a single fml
#135 Oh my god, I finally understand what I learned last semester. I have absolutely no idea how I did all those problem sets without having a clue what that was all about. I was almost literally in Searle's Chinese Room.
#136 I still watch YouTube Poop videos and laugh my fucking ass off
#137 The food in Maseeh was particularly disappointing today, and I ended up spending a lot of time figuring out if it was better or worse than my GPA. I spaced out for quite a while, and when I came to I realized I had been staring almost directly at a woman for the past 15 seconds while she packs up to leave, and she's staring back at me intensely. I immediately ducked my head back down thinking "No no I swear to god I'm not one of those creepy dudes on the bus"  To the woman in question, I'm sorry if I freaked you out, I definitely didn't intend to do any of that today :P
#138 That Dancetroupe hip hop choreographer with the red hat. <3
#139 Kollin's singing voice makes me moist
#140 Are you mad because all of your friends like me or because you'll never be able to fuck her the way I did?
#141 To the girl that I met at Baker gym while you were practicing ballet or something, I just wanted to tell you that I think you are absolutely gorgeous :) I know I saw you once since but I promise to ask you for your number next time I see you.
#142 How to react when you find out your date has been using your lines and techniques on other women? Do you get more offended for being cheated on or the theft of emotional and intellectual property?
#143 Queer woman looking for queer peeps to do the things with.
#144 Don't make fun of fat people. They've got enough on their plate.
#145 We've only had 7 days of classes so far and i really want to fuck my TA Jared
#146 I can't wait to get my Brass Rat. And holy shit shout out to ring comm for our venue
#147 Sometimes I wonder if my dick is truly abnormally small. It's not something you can just ask your guy friends... But when I compare myself to the David statue, I'm like damn i got it good
#148 If you connect the BB8 on the green building to the hackers to the fireworks, it makes a triangle. Coincidence? I think not. Ring Comm is illuminati.
#149 lol our brass rat is dope af but ring comm is still a cult. Did anyone else see their "uniforms" black gold white? And all the frat boys and sorority girls drunk and worshipping their representer on stage? Pretty culty to me. Damn greek life
#150 I've been trying to pset for an hour now but all i can think about is masturbating.. however, I'm way too lazy to do so
#151 Best things about the Brass Rat: craftswoman, drake, athena, biotech bridge, ivy leaves and pinecone, and HASS Worst things: ???????? I guess the mobius is kinda lame?? Everything else is literally perfect !!!11!!1!!11!!!1!!!!1
#152 I can't stop flipping through the pages of my Brass Rat booklet. This beaver makes me moist... We should get rid of playboy magazines and just distribute this booklet to the world :p
#153 I'm terrified for this year's seniors to leave. I've become so attached to them and I can't see myself without seeing them everyday
#154 I don't know you that well yet, but the few times we've talked have been great and I sincerely hope to get to know you better. Your sarcasm is high quality.
#155 Cows actually do not bite grass; instead they curl their tongue around it. I've never been so wrong in my entire life!
#156 I'm actually so upset ring comm didn't put Harambe on our ring #rip #foreverinourhearts
#157 No matter how interested I am in the classes I have in 32-141, I always start falling asleep after 5 minutes.... I'm fine in all my other classes, what's going on here?
#158 I swear this school is starting to get to me. I'm stressing all the time and I even started dating a guy who won't even wear pants and loves Donald Trump. How do I get out of this mess?
#159 When I was a freshman I converted to Christianity from being raised in an atheist household. The biggest question I get now as a senior is why? Why despite being surrounded by reason did I make way for faith? There's a few reasons. The first is it makes logical sense from an odds perspective. There are two options there is or is not a God. You can choose to believe and worship, or not believe and worship. Lets say you believe and worship and there is a God. You get into heaven and it's eternal life, that's great. Let's say you believe and worship and it's all made up. Well you lived a good life, and it's not as if you can care anyway at that point. Let's go the opposite side of the coin, there is no God but you worship him, nothing happens again. Not a big deal, you lived a good life, and now you can't care after you die anyway. But lets say you don't worship, then after you die you go to hell. Now you are damned for all eternity. By worshiping you don't lose anything you can only win. Some people I know hate this piece from Voltaire, but it's tough to say it's flawed. The second is a greater need. A very clever priest pointed out to me that atheists had won and made America a secular society in practice. You can't possibly argue society is better now. Lack of faith has not given way to reason, as the last election pointed out. Look at the sexual revolution and culture change from the 60's and 70's. It's been a disaster. Divorce rates are sky high. People no longer look at their intimate partners as partners, but as trophies to be used and shown off who can be changed at will. Massive amounts of the population have turned to drugs to cope with the lack of emotional needs being met. We have essentially dehumanized each other. The big push backs to this are don't you care about peoples freedom and choice? Let me ask you this, should we be free to make our own choices on these matters? I say no. Most people, including us, when left to our own devices make poor decisions. The majority of Americans are now overweight for example, and have too much credit card debt, this includes the well educated. We can't even handle diet and budgeting. The other push back I get is we shouldn't be good only out of fear of punishment. That is true, we shouldn't have to, but unfortunately many people need that fear. That's why we have a system of laws as well. For 2000 years the western world has lived under a form of a strict Christian rule that produced a stable rising society. The idea that we can rule without it is brand new from a historical perspective and it's rather arrogant of us to think we have somehow learned more about logic and the needs of man then 2000 years worth of theologians and scientists, most of whom have done their work in the context of faith.
#160 Why does MIT's AAA consistently have the most racist sounding events? "50 Shades of Yellower?" Last time I checked, no one is actually yellow unless they have something like jaundice. Pretty sure AAA is the same group that had those yellow fever shirts too. Thanks for fetishizing an entire race of people.
#161 I'd really like some friends outside of my dorm! I live on West Campus--how can I find some friends in EC? (I'm a frosh btw) Thanks for reading this question!
#162 Paige Boehmcke looked like the most beautiful woman in the world in 15.402 today in her red top and matching red lipstick. I couldn't stop humming the song Lady In Red in my head all day.
#163 I'm so hyped for Breath of the Wild. March 3rd can't come fast enough!
#164 I only saw one penis at my first EC party smh
#165 How do you respond when you and your boyfriend/girlfriend are naked in your room but you get a knock at your door... what do you say?!
#166 Do you ever meet someone in the library and then they leave and you realize you never exchanged names and now you wonder if you'll ever see your unnamed library friend ever again or if they even feel the same about you and suddenly your life begins spiraling out of control because what if you're both looking for each other and then suddenly you realize you don't even remember exactly what they look like anymore and even if you saw them in the infinite you would need to double take and by the time you realize it was the unnamed mystery friend you were looking for all along they're already past you physically and metaphorically and then you fail all your classes and drop out of MIT all because you forgot to introduce yourself?
#167 I'm falling back into the habit of lying about every little thing for no good reason.
#168 The only motivation I have to wake up early is so I have time to masturbate
#169 Today I donated my watch, phone and my wallet to a poor guy. You can't imagine the happiness I felt as I saw him put his knife back in his pocket.
#170 Dancing at frat parties is overhyped. I have way more fun dancing by myself in the shower.
#171 If I get an assignment back, and I got a problem clearly wrong but the grader missed it (i.e., my grade is higher than it should be), is it academic dishonesty to not notify the Powers That Be?  Not motivated by any incident, just a thought I had passing through my head and I'm not sure of the ethics of this situation.
#172 not sure if old men at the Z are senile or are trying to kill themselves on the gym equipment
#173 Nanoquiz and leave is the new Netflix and chill.
#174 MIT Confessions is 15% academics, 30% depression, and the rest: I saw you in the infinite; fuck me in the ass.
#175 I don't understand why I feel like I need to take an 1 hour break for every 10 minutes of work that I do.
#176 wish there were more actually tatted undergrads, if u have a weak ass tat the size of a quarter it don't count
#177 How to make Spring Break plans with your friends, as written by freshmen: 1. "We should all go to Canada! It's so close!" 2. "Actually we should totally go to New York. It'll be so much fun!" 3. "Maybe we should stay in Boston. There's so much I haven't seen yet." 4. End up flying back home.
#178 I've done two psets on recursion and I still don't understand recursion :(
#179 Why are MIT midterms harder than international olympiads?
#180 Many people like smoking pot. But most 6-1s hate smoking pots.
#181 The NBA pays Steph Curry like they do Indians and Egyptians in the gulf countries
#182 tbh I mostly like having anal because it means my girlfriend will finally take a shower
#183 To the kid who always yells out proof during 18.03 lecture: it's not funny, you're just being immature. Grow up and let other people focus on lecture without being a distraction.
#184 MIT makes me feel dumb. I know that comparing myself to the average MIT student isn't indicative of anything, and that's not the problem. I just feel like the material moves so fast in all of my classes that I have to half ass a lot of my psets. I don't have time to study, and once I get a few days behind, I have to give up on deep understanding to just get through the semester. I know I'm a reasonably smart person. If given adequate time to learn the material (which is assumed review for many), I'd do fine. It almost makes me wish I would have gone to an easier school, so I could have learned more. I haven't seriously thought about transferring becuase the people here are so great. Has anyone experienced something similar?
#185 I've been fucking a senior and I'm totally into her. It kinda sucks because she's still so pressed about her ex but he's a shitty guy who only cares about himself. I just want to make her happy. But she just sees me as a hookup.
#186 What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little prefrosh? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in my high school too, and Ive been involved in numerous secret CIA projects targeting angsty high schoolers like yourself, and I have over 300 confirmed projects on my GitHub. I am trained in archery warfare and Im the top shooter in my entire PE pistol class. You are nothing to me but just another prefrosh. MIT will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me during CPW? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across East Campus and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. MIT can kill you at anytime, anywhere in over seven hundred ways, and thats just from psets. Not only am I extensively trained to host your egotistical self, but I have access to the entire MIT Class of 2021 Facebook page and I will use it to its full extent to embarrass your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about "Stanford being better than MIT" to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. MIT will shit fury all over you and you will drown in all of the work you'll have here. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
#187 If I hear another swimmer say "AIDS" or "cancer", I'm going to lose it.
#188 So I did the motivation thing where I told myself I couldn't go to the bathroom til I did the pset problem and well that's the story of how I peed my pants as a sober 19 year old
#189 Me: Sits down to study for the 6.031 exam.  
Me: Decides that I am no longer trying to get an A in this class.  Me: Suddenly feels so much fucking better about life.
#190 I feel so stupid. I struggle just with a minimal course load. Everyone is off doing UROPS and internships and study abroad, and I'm not doing anything. When I vent people always try to come up with the simplest solutions that only work for their major or for someone who has no reservations/is majorly extroverted. It makes me feel like a very flawed person. "You just need to do this one basic thing how are you not succeeding"? Makes me less able to open up to people now. I wonder if I ever made people feel like this in high school when I was actually smart.
#191 People walking by me in the library looking for a place to study rattles me too much. I imagine their beady eyes boring into the back of my head, judging my chrome tabs, my desktop background, my soul. Then again, maybe I should stop watching porn in Barker.
#192 Multiple studies shows that there is a substantial asymmetry in how males and females perceive each others' attractiveness, and that men are much more likely to find women attractive (rather than the other way round).
#193 I'm laughably bad with people; my social skills are trash. Even for MIT standards. And scratch that, it's not even funny anymore. Fml
#194 As a senior, I think my perspective about MIT has changed a lot. Since CPW is coming up, I thought it’d be good to dispel some “helpful advice” I got as a prefrosh and freshman.  1. “GPA doesn’t matter” - o fuck off. Ok, you don’t need straight A’s or even straight B’s to survive. Hell, you don’t even need to go to college. But know that employers will judge the hell outta you if you have a shit GPA and mediocre resume. Why the hell would classes be graded if GPA didn’t matter.  2. “At MIT, we have the November Rule” - lolwut. Only tourists believe this shit.  3. “Broo party cuz its PNR” – have fun while you can and get C’s in classes that you give no fucks about. Just know shit habits are hard to break.
#195 I didn't get into a single Ivy, and had a hard time explaining the league to my Asian mom.  "No son, I'm not sending you there to play sports. Yes, it's very prestigious. No, the Ivy League isn't about sports. Yes-"
#196 My girlfriend doesn't know this, but every time we have sex, I put a dollar into an envelope. That's all I'm spending on her for Christmas and so far she's getting a McChicken.
#197 spring break is not really spring break. We just get a week to try to distract ourselves from our work. I wish we could have time to actually rest and relax, and not worry about the six assignments due on Monday and Tuesday. People who work through break are both incredible and upsetting. I admire that you can get ahead on your work, but I also don't want to or need to hear about it all week. I don't need your crowing in my ear about how far ahead you are, or how easy the rest of the semester will be. Haven't you thought of how I might feel? First time, fine, but I don't need this for a whole week straight. I just want to sleep and make this all go away.
#198 I don't know how to put this, but YOU SOUND LIKE A FUCKING HYENA WHEN YOU LAUGH AND NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOUR LACK OF BOY FRIEND. GO THE FUCK TO BED. EVERYONE NEEDS TO sleep.
#199 Admin: We need fewer course 6s Admin: *schedules major projects and midterms for 6.036, 033, etc during CPW*
#200 For a solid week, I was scared I might actually become a course 6. Then I started the programming portion of the pset.
#201 When your math professor likes your paper, but Malcah Effron be roasting the shit outta nothing - the nothing she seems to understand.
#202 next time there aren't enough cpw hosts, we should house prefrosh on (1) the barker reading room couches (2) the stud reading room couches (3) the cheney room couches, in order to give them the authentic MIT experience
#203 The 6.031 staff has this amazing ability to make it seem like you ruined their whole day by asking a question on piazza. Jesus I didn't understand the reading, I didn't kill your cat.
#204 The only reason I still get work done is because facebook crashes when I open MIT memes on my phone
#205 I had a wet dream last night about one of my best friends girlfriends..... anyone know a good therapist?
#206 Pre-Quora Question: Coming from an early 20-year-old, is marriage still as big of a deal for people now as it has been in the past? In light of divorce statistics, increasing opportunity/gender equality, people not wanting to get tied down, etc., would you say most people view marriage a linear or exponential step up from a relationship?
#207 My one regret is that I met you so soon when I was immature and stupid, I wish I could go back and do it all over again
#208 Self-help tip: When I'm stressed I go onto "The Most Dangerous Writing App" and write a nice long memo to myself. Then I feel much better.
#209 When a song just came out and you show your friends and they're like "yeah heard that ages ago". Like ok were you at the studio when it was produced..
#210 My ex and I broke up because they didn't have time for a relationship on top of psets and extracurriculars. By the end we never went out when I offered because they had too much work, no matter what time of day/week I tried to make plans. I find out weeks later that they've joined more clubs and have no problem with skipping out on work to spontaneously go out with friends. It feels really horrible to know I was never worth missing 10% on a pset, but everything else apparently is.
#211 I used to throw away my lecture handouts and graded psets. I have since realized my mistake... Shredding is so much more satisfying!
#212 Overheard in Infinite:  "Bro, why don't you wear your ring?" "Because my dick is big enough."  lmaoo
#213 "Back in my heyday, I would kill Erik Demaine in one-on-one Tetris" -LaVar Ball
#214 To the guy I drunkenly yelled at in the elevator after ring delivery: I'm really sorry, I thought you were someone else...
#215 In Bruno Mars' song "That's what I Like," there's a line that goes "Silk sheets and diamonds all white" ... I've been singing "sushi and diamonds" for months.
#216 I don't understand how people call half a square of dark chocolate a "treat" or a "splurge". Like when i decide to "splurge" i eat 2 bags of chips, french fries, 3 bowls of ice cream and a newborn child
#217 Straight girls need to stop cutting their hair short. It's confusing enough for us lesbians as is.
#218 We were together. Alone. I had the chance to say what we were both thinking, but I didn't. Now that the opportunity's passed, you don't look at me the same way. I'm sorry.  I still think you're amazing, and only wish you thought the same.
#219 I rode my bicycle to the bottle store yesterday and bought bottle of brandy.  I was about to leave when I realized that if I fell off my bike on the way home, the bottle would break.  So I drank all the brandy before I rode back, which was a good thing, because I fell off my bike seven times on the way home
#220 Spotted: The hunky Chi Phi GRT at Senior Ball---turns out, his boyfriend is just as gorgeous as he is #relationshipgoals
#221 This may be hilarious, but for me it is a huge issue. I have the feeling that I attract guys and people in general, but they somehow feel intimidated by me which makes me instantly act as if they were inferior to me. I am then too proud to make any move that could hint I am interested. Arguably enough, I grew up in Eastern Europe where they teach you "moral values" and where they cultivate your hubris as something honourable. I wish guys were more daring with me, more challenging in conversations, but they seem only interested in jumping your bones rather than fucking my mind.
#222 I helped my best friend hook up with the my ex even though I wasn't over her and I don't know why
#223 This feels like the second half of senior year in high school, I'm unmotivated to do any work whatsoever, but its different because I'm dying in all of my classes.
#224 I ordered a pizza from Domino's and freaked out because it came with no toppings or cheese, just bread. So I called them to send me another one. When the driver arrived, I realized that I had opened the box upside down.
#225 When you go to TJ (#1 high school) then get into MIT but your parents still compare you to your sibling in UPITT's med program.
#226 One of my friends has a wonderful ass. She looks soooo hot! I definitely love her as a friend, and find her attractive. Too bad it'll never work out though. Either way, I love seeing and making her happy however I can.
#227 These kids are all about the young TAs, but I just want some of that Daddy Dourmashkin.
#228 If maintaining a relationship at MIT is like an additional 12 unit class, then staying on top of the news this semester has been like an additional 24 unit class.
#229 IS BACK
GET TO POSTING
#230 asshole decided to spam the form with a bot that is filling it up with tens of thousands of responses. I will make a new one now. This is why we can't have nice things. Still funny doe.
#231 Plenty times, I put my headphones on unplugged just to prevent people from talking to me.
#232 When I get the new iPhone X i am going to make the Face-ID my cum face so that if anyone wants to unlock my phone, they have to jerk me off first
#233 I texted my ex last Friday just to make myself angry. I bench more when I'm angry and I wanted to PR.
#234 I steal tea from dining halls and hoard it rather than drink it...
#235 I wanna fuck that hott Wellesley girl in my class.
#236 I read this "MIT Compliments" post about Next House "gym bois" being small. But damn, there's this one boi who's BUILT. And tbh, he got some booty. Like as a girl, it makes me think to myself "Boi, can you please spare some of that booty? You're a dude who doesn't need it as much."
#237 Would you rather have teeth for hair or hair for teeth
#238 I'm a dude, and I wear lululemon
#239 Controversial opinion - Maseeh's indian food is now actually pretty decent   Source: I am brown
#240 If you were not admitted to MIT, you don't get to have MIT be your primary school on social media.
#241 this past weekend, I think I took the biggest dick of my entire existence
#242 I just want to casually hook up with a guy without ruining our friendship. Is that too much to ask for??
#243 I want to go back to hooking up with this girl but my boyfriends trying so I should stay..maybe I'm destined for vanilla sex for the rest of my life
#244 Whomever that blonde guy was that Deejayed at a KS party, he needs to turn my tables and give me One Dance to get rid of all these Wild Thoughts
#245 "Hey we got shut down for hazing, so come fix up your resume with us so we can rehab our image and get back on campus!"
#246 The TA in 6.804 is so incredibly cute. Every time she got up in recitation to correct or add to what the other TA was saying made me hard. With the curves of her ass in those yoga pants, I'd have been down to fuck her on the spot in front of the entire class. But I should probably figure out what the fuck is going on in that class first.
#247 I had feelings for you last year, but I was only a frosh then. Now, you're a senior, and I don't know if you'd be willing to make the emotional investment. I know I'd be willing to.
#248 Some of the upperclassmen in our fraternity really struggle at getting with girls apparently, because they started throwing parties that only freshman girls (not even our pledges)  could get into.
#249 I hooked up with a junior guy in a fraternity just because my friend did two days earlier and I didn't want her to think she was better than me
#250 I just realized- MIT doesn't let its students compete for grades. So instead, we compete to see how miserable we can make ourselves.
#251 The ginger in Sigma Chi is so hot.  Idk who he is but dayum
#252 Sigma is hands down my least favorite greek letter. It looks like a theta with hair that needs to calm down. Be theta or be nothing.
#253 Dear beautiful girl in my film class, I'm not entirely dumb and do know how to mutter more than strange sounds. It's just so easy to get lost in your beautiful almond brown eyes, and I get super nervous (and happy) when I'm around you! Eminem has it right... "palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy!" 😂
#254 I was feeling lonely. I discovered how to release the same hormones released during social interactions without having social interactions. I don't feel lonely anymore. Life is good
#255 "I posted this to another site long ago. In light of recent events, I want to post it here:

I saw you... MIT students, everywhere. I know how shitty this place can be (hell, I'm a 3-time CAP warning champion). I know how shitty one's brain can be. And I know what it's like to be perpetually lonely.

All I can say is please, please never give up on yourself. I promise you there are people around you willing to help, even if it doesn't feel like it. I promise you that it can get better, even if you don't see how. Do what you need to get yourself to a happier state -- see Mental Health, leave MIT (temporarily or permanently), take fewer classes, do something that is just for you. But please, do not give up.

- Recent Crvft"
#256 Big shout out to my urop advisor who gave me way more credit than I deserved in his rec letter
#257 xoxo is the best thing ever created
#258 The next person that says 009 instead of 2.009 or 6.009 (or any variation of numbers without the specified course number in front), I will slap you. Btch pls, stop assuming you are important enough for me to remember what course you are in.
#259 Can the comment section of this post be filled with FALSE frat stereotypes? Like Delts is party frat, KS is volleyball, DKE is football, etc
#260 Does Prof. Sadoway get his suits tailored? Because damn! I wish my clothes fit me that well.
#261 Yellow fever is spreading through my fraternity right now
#262 Unless you sexually identify as a metal frame with two wheels, I don't see why you should be walking in the bike lane
#263 This is a quiz problem from MIT, if they can solve it so can you
-TA at Caltech
#264 To all the Asian tourists who flock in front of Mass Ave: if you’re here to see MIT, stop wearing Harvard from head to toe
#265 I got rejected by my dream company after the last-round interview. I was so close. :( Anyone know a good joke that could cheer me up?
#266 I have a boyfriend, but I think i'm extremely attracted to someone else who is known to sleep around with a lot of girls. Girls have warned me he has a lot of issues and red flags (which I agree), but I still think about him. Wtf is wrong with me. If I had any sense of self preservation, I'd dump my current boyfriend because I'm not attracted enough to him, and then cut off all contact with this person I'm attracted to. Except i'll do neither :/
#267 Glad that Theta Tau's officially recognized, so they can finally stop reviewing resumes and start hazing pledges like they always wanted.
#268 It made me so sad to hear so many people say that parent weekend stressed them out since they had to balance work and spending time with their family. I thought that family coming to visit was supposed to bring comfort.
#269 Girl-whos-name-I-dont-know in 21M.030 you have the most adorable smile
#270 I'm so happy that Boston is like basically a city of colleges because the guys @MIT are so ugly.
#271 Shoutout to 6.031 for turning memes into a pset and killing the only joy I had left in life
#272 There are 4 types of people I know at MIT. Strangers, faculty and advisors, my boyfriend's friends, and my boyfriend.
#273 MIT is experiencing a boat shoe revolution and I don't know how I feel about that.
#274 For the love of christ, could you please shut the fuck up at Hayden library? I go here to study, not to overhear your inane chatter. Presumably there are other places you can go to hang out with your friends, unless your social life is as limited in scope as your ability to use a library properly.
#275 Guys can get away with wearing the same shit every day and nobody notices. I'm jealous tbh.
#276 Are there any hot Japanese girls here
#277 to the green-haired girl in my physics class: you're incredibly hot and I just thought you should know
#278 @9512 dare say, of which film class do you speak? I'm curious if you're the same handsome guy I've had my eyes on all semester...
#279 As much as I hate this place, I'm really scared for life after MIT.
#280 I had sex with my roommate's sister during family weekend...
#281 Those stupid condom boxes are depressing because every time they run out it just reminds me how stale  my sex life is.
#282 My CC.110 TA always makes me smile; I think I love him
#283 Politically incorrect opinion here: people need to demonstrate some personal fucking responsibility. Every time you get wasted in the process of just "having a chill time" some poor soul has to waste their night babysitting you.
#284 The UA President is really hot.. I think I have a thing for women with power.
#285 is the 6.009 TA that does all of sunday taken??
#286 Theta Tau used to be called the "Society of Hammer and Tongs". Also their motto is a Bible quote.
#287 The only reason MIT guys date girls from other schools is because nobody here would ever want them
#288 Christ's sake please stop confessing about your obsessions with your TAs. Hard enough to pay attention in recitations and now I'm just spying around trying to identify the poor souls. 

Also some TAs can you maybe chill and not try so hard to make an impression. Have you not any idea how difficult it is on my facial muscles to contain grimaces.
#289 Dating is basically a process of collecting information about someone until you realize that you don’t like them.
#290 Even though I want to graduate, get a job, and live a really happy life, one of my most prominent life goals is to punch air so fast that I can make a sonic boom. I really don't know why, and I don’t now how course 6 will get me there, but if I can punch anywhere near the speed in which I take Ls from 6.046, I’ll be golden.
#291 I always match with Harvard chicks over MIT ones on tinder so you can have a low commitment fuck and can still see them again if they're into it but it's not like you're gonna awkwardly run into them at the stud.
#292 Even if we both made jokes about cuffing season, that doesn't mean we are above it, right?
#293 MIT Frat Official Rankings

1. ΣΧ
2. ΔΚΕ
3. ΘΤ
4. ΔΤΔ
5. ΧΦ
6. ΦΔΘ
7. ΚΣ
8. ΦΣΚ 
9. ΖΨ

Rest of y'all suck too much to be ranked
#294 There's this cute girl in almost all of my classes that I'm tryna show a magic trick I just don't know how to talk to her.
#295 No one’s ever posted a confession about me and it’s starting to make me feel less cute
#296 Can the 2018 Senior Class Council seriously plan events better? First, you had a Senior Toast at 4pm when people had classes and now you inform us of your Sky Zone event today when it's happening on Thursday. As much as I appreciate the effort you guys are putting in to make fun events, I really hope this trend isn't going to continue for the rest of the semester and into next semester. It would be fair to us to advertise your event at least a week in advance. Thanks.
#297 I think I got laid out of pity.
#298 Where is the nicest bathroom on campus?
#299 That feel when you date a tech bro who feels the need to say "my iPhone" instead of "my phone" and "my Apple watch" instead of "my watch", but only ever calls you "duuuuuude."
#300 
Dear MIT, 
Please stop fucking my titties. They are very very sore. And chafed. Please at least use lube.
#301 Need a girl to cuddle and binge tv shows with on a noncommittal basis. Must have ability to binge shows for 3 hours minimum and 2 years of industry experience (preferred). Drop cover letter+resume below
#302 Interviewer: "Do you have any side projects?"
Anonymous: "Yeah, I wrote a script to automate responses to a pointless email thread to annoy the shit out of everyone, because I think people care that I'm always fucking in the tetazoo glounge."
#303 Before coming to MIT from Europe as a grad student, I researched how I will commute from Tang Hall to the other side of campus and came across the MIT shuttle bus. I was expecting a hydrogen-cell powered semi-automonmous high-tech bus, with all bus-stops having solar sells and a small wind turbine. Oooops...
#304 5 East Asians, please stfu. People are trying to sleep.
#305 Crazy real talk, following up on #9681, that really high guy, documentary in the future will talk about how the brightest minds of our time helped build companies that sold ads. Thats it. The biggest, most powerful ones sell fucking ads. Not poverty, human trafficking and slavery, aging, health, learning, education, water, global warming, food, city design, cancer, or anything. Fucking working on pixels.
#306 I'm a class of 2019, so I never got the option of Makerlodge training... Tbh, I think it's kinda shitty that only freshman get the chance to participate at all. Obviously there's the mentor thing, but I can't really afford to spend 4 hours a week doing it. I'm not course 2 or anything, so I don't have access to other shops, and I just want to be able to make things. :(
#307 I feel like I only use Confessions as a way to pub my major to freshmen.
#308 is Rayden taken? :o
#309 Back as a freshman I got my second-choice sorority. Whenever I see them now I am still low-key sad and salty :(
#310 Who is this kid lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/RoastMe/comments/6owv5c/division_i_athlete_and_mit_student_tell_me_why/
#311 I take Unified recreationally
#312 Not sure why my frat is always trynna get Wellesley and BU girls out to our parties when MIT women are far more attractive in every way
#313 I bike back to the frat to poop. The fancy bathrooms and ultra-soft 3-ply tp are unrivalled. Bathrooms at the 'tute... if I really must. But Wellesley. Can we talk about this? Their single-ply toilet paper feels as if they bought it in bulk from the Home Depot sandpaper isle. I will literally pretend I have class or "need to be back on campus" and take the Peter back if it's getting urgent.
#314 You make my day when you randomly swing by my room. I'm not sure when or why you started doing that but we're so much closer now and I actually love chatting with you about our days so much.
#315 i've been hooking up with one of my good friends this semester, and honestly, it's super nice. not only do we care for eachother as friends but we also take care of eachother's needs in bed in a low stress situation. 10/10 would recommend
#316 In my free time, I play Runescape at 3:00AM, and people think I'm doing my P-Sets then when they hear my keyboard clicking.
#317 September - I will pass
October - I will likely pass
November - I can still pass
....
f*ck this class
it is stretching my ass
#318 The type of friends who insist on paying for your food and just say that you can get the next one are my favorite type of friends. I will get the next one. It's so much sweeter than splitting bills and Venmo charges.
#319 XhiDae Otam, you are the god of diss. Please find a way to diss this confession somehow. Thank you.
#320 There's a girl in my combo class that's way too cute and always sits in the first row but I don't know how to approach her.
#321 to the people who frequent mit confessions: you crushing on anyone right now? if so, describe them.
#322 Man being off campus for a few days I forgot how ugly guys are in the outside world. Like every damn one of you MIT boys are cute af. Gotta snag me a hot one before I graduate and the gene pool gets worse.
#323 I've always prioritized people over psets and work, but it's always cost me. I'm now doing well academically for the first time at MIT, but I've seen a clear pattern where I only do well when I shut people out and act selfish. I've always prided myself on being there for my friends though, and as someone who also struggles with mental health, I really want to be there for my friends who struggle with theirs. But I'm realizing it's just not sustainable or practical. I'm only taking 4 classes and I've become minimally involved in extracurriculars, yet I still feel like I constantly have to work and study to get the grades I want. I'm becoming like the people here who prioritize school over friends, people I always used to resent and complain about. Makes me feel hypocritical. IHTFP. Seems like you can't "succeed" without being selfish and a low-key shitty friend. What's the point of all this high-achieving bullshit when we can't even be there for each other.
#324 @9726 I'm also a bi girl and I still have that type of relationship with some of my straight female friends; they know it's just a joke and we're still incredibly close. I know not everyone is that chill and understanding but I hope your friends are. Good luck <3 <3 <3
#325 Cutest latinas at MIT?
#326 To #9701, you're cute.
#327 I didn't read all semester for my technical and now I'm screwed and trying to scrape a passing grade together. What is the best (easiest) technical course I can take to never go through this eternal hell ever again? 

Said no one ever.  Let's chill with the liberal arts bashing, shall we?
#328 I'm a girl in a committed heterosexual relationship but I want to fondle a cute girl's breasts. Hmu if interested.
#329 I have a secret fetish for dating guys juuuust a bit younger than me. That way, I can make him call me 'Noona,' and that seriously turns me on.
#330 009 IS LOVE 009 IS LIFE
#331 Unpopular opinion: I'm 6-2 not because I bailed on the EE but because I bailed on the CS.
#332 @9753 I think you may be talking about me....... If so, I'm not over you but I hide it because our friendship really matters to me. I hoped for more for a time, and thought you did to, but then you gave me a flat out no and I accepted it. Thanks for your honesty, I don't blame you at all. But I also can't control how I feel about you. And sometimes that hurts. But you're also one of my best friends,and I would do anything to perserve that friendship. And if you're not talking to me, well fuck. Still nice to say this though.
#333 those glowsticks are pretty solid
#334 To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Robert A. Weinberg. The biological processes are extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical biology most of the explanations will go over a typical 7.012 student’s head. There’s also Weinberg’s nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The TAs understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these explanations, to realise that they’re not just logical- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Robert A. Weinberg’s lectures truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn’t appreciate, for instance, the humour in Weinberg’s existential catchphrase “In contradistinction,” which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev’s Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I’m smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Robert A. Weinberg’s genius wit unfolds itself in 26-100. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂

And yes, by the way, i DO have a Robert A. Weinberg tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It’s for the ladies’ eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they’re within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 😎
#335 KS might be blander than tap water, but hey, tap water is good for you when you're thirsty
#336 i have a big crush on my 6.006 ta
#337 This is NOT a clapback to #9755 but does anyone else feel so stressed when treating others? I am so scared of forgetting to treat the other person back or even worse, them never letting me pay for the food...
#338 you’re really hot ∴ I want to break all of your ribs
#339 @the theta philanthropy girl, money isn't the only thing you raise well ;)
#340 Every course has that one hot girl that everyone likes and tries to ask out but she rejects because she is secretly in love with the smartest guy in class who cares too much about school to notice her
#341 I'm fed up with my roommate and I don't really know what to do. She'll get upset if I make plans to hang out with other people and when I invite her, she'll make my friends uncomfortable by acting surly and doesn't attempt to make conversation. She complains a lot about everything--her classes, the people around her, her friends and family back home, even small insignificant things! She always wants to be around me and it's mentally and emotionally exhausting to deal with her all the time. I think she acts this way because she doesn't have many friends, but I don't want to be around her all the time with since it's really starting to have a negative impact on daily mood. I plan on moving out next year but I'd appreciate some advice to help me until then.
#342 @9748 : Absolutely no. Please respect my urban solitude and fuck off with your nodding. And fuck your POC generalization, that definitely doesn't apply to me.
#343 no offense but what the actual flippity frick is going on in 7.016?
#344 my biggest regret after graduating MIT is that I never got my beaver rubbed by Tim
#345 I ordered a bunch of stuff on my roommate's Alexa, and convinced him he did it when blacked out last weekend.
#346 I just broke up with someone I've been with since before coming to MIT :( What's the single life like at MIT?
#347 When I was a freshman, I always turned in everything on time, but now I'm just like "well I'll turn it in eventually"
#348 hamlet was amazing what the fuck
everyone was so talented and the performances were so good and i had no fucking clue that people here could put on a show like that

(also voltimand was attractive af)
#349 Vacancy for Girls:
Looking for a lovely beauty with beautiful mind for life-long position
Salary: Happiness + me
Responsibilities: taking care of me, doing night job, spending a lovely time with me
Overtime: available 
Requirements: should be hot + mindful, no need to have an MIT degree
if interested leave comments
#350 my life is not juicy enough for mit confessions
#351 Sarah has the cheeks
#352 Cutest sophomore guys??
#353 Why do frat parties always have to play the same kind of music? If I could be in a frat, our first party we’d play Kanye West songs only, and our second party we’d play trap remixes of Spongebob songs.
#354 he's really lucky to have you
#355 Thinking of getting a breast reduction surgery. Anyone wanna help me make the most of them first? ;*
#356 If you are feeling overworked, go see a mental health professional. 
It genuinely helps, and it does not mean that you're crazy.
#357 "My new daily Facebook routine: 
1) log on 
2) check MIT Confessions
3) check MIT Timely Confessions
4) check MIT Memes 
5) log off "
#358 I fantasize about my Sloan classmates to stay hard when I have sex with my wife.
#359 I want to have sex with one of my fraternity brothers
#360 Is friend-zoning really a thing in college? I feel like I'm hooking up more often with "friends" than non-friends. It must be a high school thing?
#361 I listen to nirvana whole day and my friend says that i have a bad taste in music. How should i reply him?
#362 When your TA becomes your graduate student mentor becomes your boyfriend #goal
#363 My frat bro won't do a double dutch rudder with me and honestly I'm thinking about debrothering
#364 new low: almost crying when livin on a prayer was playing on the tech shuttle
#365 Can guys please just tell that girl you're talking to how you feel? Life is too short, my classes are too hard, and I can't waste time analyzing your texts.
#366 i appreciate you more than you know! and i wish we could hang out more and do things outside of work and activities together... feel like if i ask you to hang you might think that's weird or that im lame so i dont know what to do
#367 "I was taught to shoot the messenger too.

Somebody playing both sides of the fence is more dangerous than your enemy"
#368 I had diarrhea and was in building 36. Wanted to find a relatively private bathroom because I could tell I’d be spending some time in there. I went down to the basement but it turns out there’s only a men’s bathroom on the machine shop floor — the place where the women’s would be is taken up by some electrical closet? So I went to the second floor, thinking there’d be less traffic than the first. Got in a stall and not a minute later, someone else comes in. We both kind of try to outlast each other before making any noise but it becomes clear that this other person isn’t just there to piss either. Can’t decide if it was awkward or a nice moment of commiseration. If you’re reading this, other girl having mild diarrhea on the second floor of building 36, I hope you’re doing okay.
#369 I  made a new fake facebook just to view these confessions so they don't clog up my normal facebook
#370 I left my AKG earbuds in 26-100 yesterday on one of the chairs in the leftmost row if u have them pls respond
#371 I think I've borked my sleeping patterns so much that I can't sleep much longer than 6-6½ hours without my brain yelling at me because my alarm already went off even though it goes off in another hour and a half. Yet I'm still tired halfway through the day. :/
#372 Things ended with you so long ago, and we’ve both moved on, but for some reason I can’t get you out of my head. It doesn’t make any sense. I just always wonder if maybe I’m also in your head?
#373 Frankly, I feel strongest about her when I'm fuzzing out at 4 AM and getting sick from work. We communicate mostly when we run into each other late online - like ships without radios, blind in the night. We put up flares of sheer panic when we're in danger of failure, or blinking spotlights to signal on conditions. MIT has become a little bit of a private hell (my fault, for sure) and she’s based somewhere very far away. I’m sure she doesn’t get any special psychic payback from our friendship. But for me, all this is partly bearable because of her...
#374 I say alarming things when I’m drunk and people think I’m being dramatic but I actually am asking for help since I’m not filtering my thoughts anymore
#375 I have a friend who used to have a heart of gold, and used to be one of the sweetest people I've ever known. Some shit happened to her this summer that changed her world view, and ever since she's become really cold and reserved at times. I miss my old friend, but I know that healing and learning how to trust people again take time, and I'll be there for her through her bad months and good months -- always. 
If you're reading this, which you probably are since you check MIT confessions a lot (lawlz), just know that I love you and am here for you as a friend no matter what you're going through. Stay strong.
#376 I feel terrible for being this way, but honestly I can't stand being around my classmates that are happier/more successful than me. Of course I am happy for them and I cheer them on but I just want to feel some of that happiness/success for myself as well. I cheer on these people all the time but never have anyone do the same for me even once. And it's not that I cheer others on because I expect the same in return, but because I really do believe in them. I guess people don't bother with me because I cheer on others so much that they think I cheer on myself? I've gotten to the point where I am unfollowing people on social media and avoiding them in real life to stop being constantly reminded of how inadequate and useless I am. I literally spend every waking moment of the day studying and working and still just barely getting by. All I want is to not just feel like my only purpose in life is to be someone else's expendable mascot.
#377 I dream about making a machine that converts my life energy into energy for everyone else to use because there is no sense in me living.  I even feel guilty eating in the dining hall because I am taking away energy from all of you guys who deserve to live so much more because you are going to contribute something worthwhile and beautiful to the world. The only people I am close with are my family, and quite frankly, we can go in a closet and play russian roulette with enough bullets for all of us because we are loners who don't matter.
#378 @9911 I promised I'll stay, and I'll keep that promise.

[@9911 Please stay]
#379 "Yellow fever" has been a contentious topic around MIT for a while now, and I'm not sure how to parse the jokes and discussion in a healthy way. Like personally, I think it's absurd and disrespectful to seek people strictly because they're asian and turn down those who aren't. At the same time, the last couple people I have been into have demonstrated really kind hearts and fun attitudes , _and_ I find them attractive. Unfortunately sometimes the muddle of jokes and discussion make me feel bad about liking them just because they happen to be asian...
#380 This Thanksgiving, I'm thankful for PNR.
#381 Does anyone else panic for a moment like “oh god what if this food baby is actually a real baby” and then remember you haven’t gotten laid in a year
#382 MIT Confessions is like freshmen -- relatively positive, uplifting, interesting, respectful, content that doesn't hurt people emotionally

MIT Timely Confessions is like sophomore spring -- jaded, depressed, mean to  other people, content that hurts people's feelings emotionally
#383 My boyfriend and I got in our first real fight and it was over whose memes were better...
#384 Dear girl at the party, if you have time to spend two hours on a bus every day just to go to 6.0001 lecture don't talk to me about how "Wellesley is probably even harder than MIT!!!"
#385 never been to phi sig before this year but low key phi sig fire & ice last night put primal to shame
#386 @9934: everyone who feels like they have to play matchmaker, just tag both people in the original confession. Let's see what happens ;)
#387 Frankie Soucy more like Frankie SAUCY
#388 As a black person, I'm somewhat worried that the BSU's "Ask a Black Person" booth/Facebook page gives off the impression that our opinions and feelings are monolithic, and that asking a few black people or getting a response from that Facebook page (and that page definitely does not represent all black views) is sufficient for getting an understanding as to how black people feel. I hope everyone, including the BSU, realize that asking any handful of black people how they feel about a topic is not inherently representative of the opinions of black people as a whole, and that it is important to try to convey the diversity of black opinion (e.g. many blacks are fine with the idea of non-blacks wearing dreads)
#389 I was gonna become a porn star if I didn't get into MIT
#390 please don't drop the class.
i don't have another way talk to you otherwise. :(
#391 Stop telling people we hooked up.
#392 Let's be real, if you want delicious dining at MIT you either get on free-food@ or date one of the stress bakers who live in East Campus.
#393 You're the first girl I've met who I think I've fallen for solely based on our mutual caring about each other, and it's wonderful.
#394 okay so guys PLEASE SAVE YOUR WORK. I suck at writing essays and today when I woke up after sleeping for only one stupid hour to write the last 100 words of my 1250 word essay MY LAPTOP JUST DECIDED TO SHUT DOWN AND I LOST EVERYTHING. E V E R Y T H I N G. And guess what? The essay is due tomorrow and I have a midterm and a PSET due tomorrow too. Long story short, SAVE YOUR FUCKING ESSAYS PLEASE!!!!!!!!!! PS. Thank you so much JC and ND for being such amazing bullshitters and helping me write my essay <3
#395 oh no
#396 Why do people only hit me up when psets are due? I'm human too, ask me how I'm doing, if I want to hang out or something. I am more than just somebody you can go to when you need pset answers.
#397 Kyrie Irving has convinced me the Earth is flat
#398 I am a girl and I have been having crushes on both guys and lesbians. Am I bi? How do I find out?
#399 After being cheated on, I have so much trouble learning to trust again. He's amazing, and I wish that I didn't have these insecurity issues with him. Any advice on coping?
#400 People who play music on their laptop speakers in the athena cluster need to stop. No one wants to hear your shitty music on shitty speakers in the shitty student center
#401 18.701 intimidated me out of 18. Now I'm in Course 6. See, it's not all about selling out.
#402 I care about you more than I've ever cared about anyone before, but I'm terrified of getting closer to you because you've said before that you avoid people who "care too much". Why can't I just care for you without worrying about losing you because of it?
#403 boba >>> boiz
#404 In MIT I learned that even if I am trash, I can try my best to be golden trash :')
#405 sad reacts if you sold out to finance
#406 How do I stop liking someone who doesn't like me back (at least not romantically the same way I feel )?
#407 MIT confessions: no names
MIT timely confessions: all the names
#408 smh at all y'all athletes tryna flex on the gram with the david silverman watermark lookin broke as fuck
#409 Grace, I don't like you anymore. You tell me we're chill but your actions say otherwise. mxm.
#410 I am straight, but dont mind giving a handjob to another male.
#411 My little survived mono and honestly I’m so proud
#412 I don't know what it is, but when I find out someone here can dance, I automatically find them to be way more attractive than I previously thought them to be. Watching ridonkulous/mocha moves/fixation at RTA.... oh boy..
#413 This feeling, this gravitational pull, comes in waves.
The first wave is always anticipated- it’s small, there’s no chance that /they/ can feel the same.
The second wave creeps up from behind after leaping over the first. You start doubting your instincts and pull away. 
Each wave, each leap, pulls you closer and closer into the abyss. 
Where are you going? Do they feel the same? 
The next wave comes...
#414 Can Tea With Teachers stop sending to the undergrads mailing list? Like it would be annoying but reasonable if they spammed dorm lists, but emailing undergrads every week is just straight up obnoxious.  That list especially should be only for the most important communication, not spam that if I'm being perfectly honest, I and most ppl couldn't care less about.
#415 what do you do if you hook up with someone and it's so bad that you start laughing after they leave?
#416 My suite mate puts his 10+ uncleaned pans and pots in the drawers under the kitchen sink. He also puts a couple of rotten containers of food he doesn't want to clean there. I really want them to  smell worse than they are now so he would come and clean them up.
#417 Please bring back MIT Societo por Esperanto club
#418 To the cute redhead girl in my hass class, you are literally the only reason i roll out of bed to make it to class.
#419 I offered my roommate some cookies I brought from home. I guess I didn't make the conditions of my offer very clear, because she grabbed the whole box with a huge smile on her face. She was so excited and thankful that I didn't have the heart to correct her.
#420 Dude, thanks to my news feed, I know more about current MIT confessions than I do about current events. Sad reacs only.
#421 You know all those weird medicines people used in the 1800's? Like "got syphilis?! well here's some arsenic for your dick!" We're definitely still doing that today and still pretending to pass it off as sound medicine: "just had surgery? well here's an addict's supply of oxycontin for the week!" I'm really hoping marijuana research will pick up and change this.
#422 You were so young, so dumb, the baddest, the biggest, the bestest, burned out one.
#423 Who else is pissed that dining switched from coke to pepsi products?
#424 The other day I unexpectedly met my dignity while walking by Kendall. We were so happy to meet each other that we decided to have lunch together at Clover. After some nice and priceless talk, my dignity said that it had to head out to Boston. And so it did after saying goodbye. Then I went back to my dorm, eager for a night full of pset fun. What a beautiful day it was, my friends. What a beautiful day, indeed.
#425 I desperately need some wine and cheese to go with my tea.  MIT social life dropped off a cliff this semester... feel bad for all the frosh on PNR
#426 Found a google doc called ""dear freshmen"" that I made when I was a sophomore and thought I knew everything about school/life/MIT. Couldn't have been more wrong.

Dear sophomores, you don't know shit. Sit down.
#427 Last weekend I noticed that my little was as drunk as me. I feel so proud.
#428 "But do you really think [insert name] is good in bed? I mean, he's course 6." - anonymous
#429 i just want a cute boi to pset with :((
#430 In every friends group, there's that whiny egotistical trashy girl (or effiminated male) whose highly-pitched-squeaky-voice -spewing-judgemental-comments acts as a neutralizer to the positivity of others. Her or his trashiness adds spiciness to the group's dynamic but is a burning burden that speaks of a shallow personality and a hateful heart when taken seriously.
#431 MIT ZBT is the finest fraternity known to man.
#432 Sassiest girls? 🔥
#433 Best weird as fuck places to have sex on campus? Asking for a friend
#434 I'm a very self-destructive person, but I'm so lucky no matter what I always end up better than average. This makes feel extremely guilty about all the good things that happen to me because I believe that I don't deserve any of it. Any tips on being less harsh on myself?
#435 My girlfriend just jolted out of bed after a 20 minute power-nap and started rattling off current prices of the S&P 500 and oil/gas futures and for some reason I am extremely turned on right now
#436 Wellesley girls are so attractive and smart. Any single Wellesley girls?
#437 I'd love a private oral lesson from my 6.006 TA. After all, I am not a very visual learner :)
#438 Would you rather have really good sex or get the answers to a really hard pset?
#439 My next door neighbor blasts trap music all night
#440 So what does ihtfp truly stand for?
#441 There are two types of course 6 dudes: 1) the ultra attractive jacked af tech bro; 2) the guy who hasn't showered in four weeks. There is no middle ground.
#442 I'm an upperclassman that is into this girl that lives at MacGregor. She has a shit load of guy friends which  seem to like and respect her. At first I was disappointed that she's a first year, but you would never know it once you get to know her. I just want to lay next to her and have  a conversation with her. It seems like we could be super chill and I could really use a cuddle buddy for starters. Don't even know how to go about doing that. What the hell should I do? I think I fuck'n like this girl because she crosses my mind often and when she comes around to visit, I enjoy seeing her. I'm sure I'm not the only one that feels this way when she hangs out around here. Fuck, I need words of advice. I think I'm ready to stop fuck'n around.
#443 Why must I be crushing on a straight girl that lives on my hall? (Tho I do question is she is straight a lot)
#444 To the hot brunette I see in Barker, what's your name
#445 God gives me purpose. What does he give you?
#446 MIT's motto is mind and hand, much like my motto when I was a lonely teenager - The legend Howard Wolowitz
#447 @10212 You're right, hookup culture is the new normal. Heck, anything that would have been considered outright immoral 2 or 3 decades ago is the new normal. I had a friend once BRAG to me about cheating on her summer boyfriend with his best friend. That same person has also tried to convince her friends that are in committed relationships to let go, because according to her, it's quote: disgusting. I knew another friend at my dorm who slept her best friend's ex. When her best friend confronted her about it, she got mad! Her argument was that as long as she wasnt hurting anyone, she's entitled to all the sex she could get.
#448 frozenquiz.weebly.com (best one there is, guys)
#449 A lot of the girls I see around here are traditional chicken, but I'm tryna get me some of that general tao chicken, some of that sweet bbq chicken naw'I'mean? Maybe some garlic parmesan chicken
#450 Serious qts: has anyone won the lotteried gift cards from surveys??
#451 Does anyone know if there's a Buddhist Association or Club at MIT? Theravada Buddhist to be exact.
#452 @#10222 Dude, think about it, you literally don't even know her. You don't know if she is the cuddling type etc. You just have oneitis. That's not to say that you might not be a good match, but stop projecting your idealized traits onto her and making her out to be some perfect person in your mind because the fact is she isn't. You putting her on a pedestal is only going to fuck up any chances you have because you're going to be clingy and needy and seeking validation from her, and idk her so I can't say whether or not she will like the attention at first but she definitely will not truly care for it in the long run. Realize that she's just another human being, and talk to her. Find out who she really is, and if you love that person then go for it, but realize that the girl in your head is not the girl that exists in real life.
#453 I am genuinely puzzled why the academics at MIT is expected (by students/their parents) to be filtered in such a way that nobody gets offended/hurt. I recently came across a confession where, the OP was considering reporting a HASS class after they had to watch a disturbing movie for it. (It may be appropriate for them to personally skip that particular homework, but I do not believe that the professor is at fault for assigning that movie.)
On a similar note, though not directly related to the previous incident: There is a significant amount of people at MIT,  especially in my residence hall, who have beliefs/practices that are scientifically inaccurate and possibly harmful. Our classes cannot openly debunk these beliefs because that would be considered offensive.
I understand that certain things are taboo, sometimes only in specific cultures, and MIT needs maintain their diversity by making everyone feel welcomed. However, censoring out these things would be like avoiding to face reality and, in an academic setting, this may impair the progress that can potentially be made. Thoughts?
(It would be ironic if my confession got filtered out for bringing this up :/.)
#454 I've been at MIT for so long.... and all I want over holiday break is for my mom to make me a grilled cheese with tomato soup and watch hallmark movies together. I miss her so much.
#455 FFS, tea of teachers.....please stop spamming!
#456 "You're too young to commit yourself to a guy, let me convince you why you should call off your relationship" says the girl with a long distance boyfriend who sees her twice per year 

I wish I could find better friends. But it's my senior year at MIT and I'm too exhausted
#457 How do y'all people go on dates that last 2 - 6 hours? I literally get uncomfortable around people when I've been around them individually for more than like half an hour, even just close friends and people I'm not interested in. Is this just my introversion or something else?
#458 I have always tried to be there for the people around me.  Reaching out when I thought they were going through something hard or just to say hi.  Now I am having a hard time and I don't think anybody even noticed.  Even when I reach out to the people I had considered my friends I basically get blown off.  They all say they are busy, but that's an odd thing to say when I'm at least enough of the social circle to know how much time they have to do the things they want to do.  Its not about how busy you are, its about what you make your priorities.
#459 I swear if I don't get someone to make a confession about hearing or seeing (dat big MacG window) me having sex by the time I graduate, I'm gonna be highly dissapointed.
#460 i matched with someone on xoxo and they asked me for help with 8.02
#461 I've recently discovered all it takes to be up in the morning is not to sleep the night before
#462 You know you’re at MIT when you end up at 4am in a dorm room talking about how much cum it woukd take to fill an Olympic size swimmming pool and someone brings numbers into it
#463 Not tryna name any names, but a guy who posts a lot on MIT Confessions took our pull-up bar and hasn't given it back yet. Dude isn't even jacked so not sure what he's doing with it..
#464 @10242 you have to be more specific
#465 Don't tell all your friends that you were "flirting" with me when all you did was stare at my chest for an hour.
#466 People who answer questions in large lectures: where did you find such confidence?
#467 MIT doesn't have a dead week like other colleges, so we just die during finals week
#468 Don't remember if I ever posted this or not, but I do know that I didn't know about MIT Confessions when this happened, so why not post it now?

In my freshman fall semester, I was preparing for a real analysis test and found out that it was open book: so I pirated the book and went to print out all of the relevant chapters. I sent up an Athena cluster printer to start printing, and then I went back to my computer because fuck standing at a printer waiting for 80 pages to print. After waiting for a bit, I went back to the printer to check on how it was doing, because it was probably close to being done anyways. What greets me is a stack of paper where every single sheet is completely black. I managed to single-handedly eviscerate an entire ink cartridge in one of the printers.
Oops.
I think it was the weird format of the file that I downloaded that made the Athena printer shit itself. But now you guys know - if you think you've used the most ink out of any student at MIT, you're not even close.
#469 I don't mess around when it comes to secret santas. I want to win. Watch out, I'm about to guess all the pairings in this friend group.
#470 So it's been all semester and I haven't done anything because I think it's kind of weird but my 3.091 TA is super cute and she's just so helpful and I know I should do something but I really can't bring myself to ask her out or something. I don't know if I'll get the guts before finals and I don't even think she's gonna be here next semester...bet.  what am I supposed to even do?
#471 If everyone on campus was just a little bit more like Nancy Hung, the world would be so much better
#472 I'm late to my 2.009 meetings because of other 2.009 meetings... what a class
#473 Sitting in 3.091 and can smell the breath of the guy next to me. Buddy the first 5 minutes of GIR lecture are not worth your dental hygiene
#474 Serious question, how can I start investing? I have no clue what to do to make more money out of my money
#475 I like wholesome things
#476 Honestly as much as I wanted/needed to get away from being at home with parents who were always asking about my grades and how I spent my time and just generally helicoptering, all I want now is for my mom to stay up late with me as I do my psets and hug me and call me a trooper when I have a really difficult week like she did in high school
#477 Has anyone met the blue haired course 12 girl? She is here!!
#478 At this point I’m learning more from my TA than from lecture.
#479 I hate the collaboration policy violation witch hunts that take place at the end of semester. Sometimes code is similar because there's an obvious way to tackle the problem, and people will want to choose the path of least resistance. No need to make a witch hunt out of it smh
#480 I fucking love British accents
#481 There’s this girl who always gets on daytime when I do in the mornings and I can’t stop thinking about her. 

To the asian beauty with the orange and blue backpack and killer sense of style—you’re stunning. Hopefully soon I will get the chance to meet you. I take first daytime almost everyday, maybe we will meet then. But even so, it’s more than possible I am not your type. Oh well, least I can do is tell you how gorgeous I think you are. 

Write me back!

Yours in mit confessions,
WishfulThinking
#482 Shoutout to all 6.009 LAs for making us suffer less!
#483 I remember all the machine shop safety trainings always say to not use the machines while sleep deprived, but who actually follows that? Like during the last week of classes I'm 99% sure everyone I know is struggling and not sleeping enough, but have to finish up their projects.
#484 Why tf does my HASS class have a final... and suck... oh did I mention the final is at the end of the last frickin day of finals week? Yeah, I'm staying an extra day for that shit.
#485 Does anyone want to get a Tattoos of MIT page going? HONY-style but MIT students and their tattoo stories? Comment and I'll reach out to you if you're interested! Can be someone with a tattoo, someone who knows someone with one, photog, someone just interested in helping with the fb page etc
#486 Someone on campus has a glitter fetish....
#487 You realize you’re an MIT student when you take a nap and dream about searching through your backpack for the Pset you need to hand in
#488 Are people whose name begins with A overrepresented in the crush poll? Tag a friend whose name begins with A!
#489 Sometimes, I like to lay naked on the kitchen floor pretending to be bread crumbs, hoping someone would notice me.
#490 Pset night? more like passing a computer around as we submit confessions
#491 MIT MATCHMAKER 2000 SNOW LEOPARD - BACK BY REQUEST - there were so many responses last time so if you didn't get a chance to fill it out here's your chance on another anonymous Google Form to name your crush. Anonymous results will be posted in a week, on December 13 (+- a day). 

tiny.cc/mitmmsnowleopard
#492 As the end-of-semester hell takes over my life I've started to realize how shitty the food I've been eating is.

Breakfast: lol what's that
Lunch: Oversalted pasta from Cafe 4 and a cup of coffee
Dinner: Old pizza from some event a few days ago

No wonder I feel like shit.
#493 to the girl in 18.06 and in my 6.004 recitation: you're cute and I'd like to get to know you but I can never seem to find a good way to say hi to you (esp. now that it's the end of the semester). maybe we'll see each other in future classes?
#494 @Asshole6004TA if you are going to be an asshole to me for asking you a question, I'd rather not get your help. MIT is hard enought as it is. Your job is to teach not to judge.  I am trying my best to learn. I aready feel stupid in the class. I don't need you to tell me that too.
#495 Kinda hope at least one of our 2.009 presenters mess up on stage for how things played out this semester. The one thing I was really looking forward to this semester was being on that stage representing our phenomenal product; instead, our team has made a thousand shortcuts and have something that is just put together.
#496 Go for it, just ask me
#497 I don't want 2.009 to end. I am having such a great time with my team and the class in general. The severe lack of sleep is tough though.
#498 I think its fucking hilarious how PLEASURE educators encourage and initiate some of the most manipulative, toxic, unhealthy relationships I've ever seen. "Peers Leading Education about Sexuality and Speaking Up for Relationship Empowerment"? Please. Practice what you preach.
#499 I forgot how much I was attracted to Camilo until I saw him in the DT show. Even in grey sweats and a fanny pack that boy is FINE.
#500 Sooooo… I’m undocumented. With all the shitty stuff that comes from it, I’ve used it as motivation to prove myself capable and aim as close to a 5.0 as possible. Now, with DACA ending and my work permit soon expiring, I feel like my whole world is crumbling. I’ll graduate and have nothing to show for it but a diploma cause I’ll be unemployable. Being the first in my family to even graduate from high school will mean nothing anymore because everything I’ve worked for will lead nowhere. All my motivation is quickly dwindling and I’m starting to see no purpose in even being here anymore :(
#501 @COURSE12 CAN Y'ALL PLS SAVE OUR ASSES BC GLOBAL WARMING IS LITERALLY GONNA END US ALL THANKS
#502 Fuck the people who think that Random isn’t part of the East Side
#503 @10441 There are only two to the aleph-naught genders.
#504 Statistics should be a HASS.
#505 Plot twist: MIT made the Wifi intentionally sucky so you can get off Facebook and get back to doing your pset/writing your paper 🤔
#506 To the girl at Nu Delta with short hair wearing the black leggings with a white stripe down the sides: I hope you like girls bc damn
#507 Penis over psets
#508 rocket team is basically rocket meme at this point
#509 Maddie Garcia is probably the greatest human being...or should I say shark?
#510 me and my roomie are having a wine night love you so much bb
#511 Genuine curiosity from a bystander, if you live in a dorm, why does it bother you to be spammed on undergrads@ rather than via dormspam? Looking for a legitimate reason beyond "it's not what the mailing list is for"
#512 Lucas Mason-Brown is by far the nicest and most helpful course 18 TA. Doesn't hurt that he's extremely cute..
#513 Please don't submit your confession to both pages :(
#514 I made a Tinder to try to find friends
#515 What is this white stuff that falls from the sky?
It's wet like a puddle, but solid like ice.
I look up, and I see a white sky.
Is this a dream, or is this real life?
I hope it's real; it's so amazing, it must be true.
But I don't want to freeze, not with my hands turning white and blue.
-s
#516 Life would be so much easier if we could just tell people how we feel
#517 B3rd needs to be stopped.
#518 Tag your cute Simmons desk worker friends, I'm trying to find someone ;)
#519 Comment below the link of someone's Instagram account that you think have an amazing feed!
#520 I shot a day keeps the anxiety away.
#521 @everyone on my floor: do I belong?
#522 Biggest turn on for a guy: when the girl makes a move.
#523 To confession #10544 i can at least tell you that you arent alone. I have also been diagnosed with Asperger’s syndrome, i didnt know there was a clinical term (dysthymia) to describe long term but milder depression. But i feel you when you say you feel just miserable all the time for no apparent reason.

Not alone
#524 Damn, it felt good to give 6.819 straight 1's in the course evaluations
#525 I honestly think the french Boston Daytime shuttle driver is the sweetest soul ever. His "Hey my friend, how you doing?" makes my mornings a million times better. Especially at a place like MIT, it's so important to have such people around to cheer you up.
#526 I am annoyed at how Asperger's/autism is still somewhat stigmatized at MIT.  If you go up to a person at MIT, they will (at least very likely) not care at all (as it should be).  If you go tell a random MIT person that you are somewhat autistic they will not be so understanding, and they will still expect you to pick up on social cues and so on.  I would think MIT of all places would be tolerant, but I have been disappointed with this since coming here.
#527 nothing felt as good as going to lecture today and knowing that I roasted tf outta this class on course evals
#528 Does MIT Medical provide abortions
#529 I'm getting confused with the terminology used in some of the confessions here. What to DT, ND, and VP stand for? I can't find definitions anywhere. Examples of use:

#10538 Who is the white guy in all the DT dances, dances like an angel, and is in MoveMENtality? Marry me pls.

#10530 Don't stereotype ND guys just ask him out like any other person. On God like there are a good number of ND guys who have non-Black GFs

#10454 I thirst hard af over the ND VP but I don't think any of them would ever go for a white girl
#530 I am really going to miss my 7.012 TA. Although I went into the class during PNR specifically because I didn't like Biology, I found that this class ended up being really fun for me. I loved how my TA would get excited about "really cool stuff" like trees and how he'd go off into tangents about research "that happened really recently actually." I even liked that fact that he explained how viruses survive by saying how "shitty" they are at checking for mutations. His notes on my PSets would make me smile, especially when he'd put a little smiley face at the end. Giving us sugar and therefore energy from day 1 with those Starbursts, but last last recitation going on about how sugar lobbiests basically brainwashed the country into thinking it was fat that was bad for you (when it was really the sugar.) To this TA, I'd like to tell you that I definitely didn't talk as much in class as I could have, but I legitimately enjoyed recitation so much because you were my TA. Thank you so much for making this an awesome first semester at MIT and tbh, I still have that tiny crush on you.
#531 The people in iHouse are literally so perfect and wholesome. Their existence gives me faith in the good of the world <3
#532 The girl on 2.009 blue team answering questions was drop dead gorgeous. She almost made the Wallace puns bearable.
#533 need dick so badly but i have literally no idea how to flirt and i only hang out with my close friends & don't have time to meet anyone new?? help
#534 Is it rude to eat during recitation? Asking for a friend
#535 MIT has been my dream school since I was in middle school. My guidance counselor has persuaded me not to apply because my scores and gpa aren’t anywhere near those of MIT students. I feel like I should have tried to apply.
#536 I used to think cosplaying at conventions was so cool and fun, but now that I'm realizing I can make actually-functional shit I'm starting to feel less enthusiastic about cosplay and even looking down on it. Is this what adulthood does to people??? I never thought I'd be an old codger.
#537 I need someone to platonically practice my kissing with..
#538 Life would be easier if I could read your mind.
#539 i havent had sex in so long i just got turned on plugging my headphones into my computer
#540 i don't know who sadhika is but this puzzle hunt is slowly killing me...i've spent hours on the second puzzle and have no idea how to go forward. anyone have tips?
#541 My best friend just got deferred by MIT and I just feel so guilty because she's so much smarter than I am and yet I got in. I'm obviously ecstatic about getting in but at the same time I feel like this process just confirmed that it's pretty much a random crapshoot and getting in is about whether or not you happened to be lucky.
#542 2018 Class Council, I have never been more ashamed of any of my elected representative. Rigging the publicity chair election so that your friend would win? That's not how democracy works, and I'm so ashamed to even be associated with the Class of 2018 right now. Shame on all of you.
#543 Where's my Anthony?
#544 Just wondering, how safe is it to use tinder for hookups?? Might be me being overly scared but i’m somewhat scared of being murdered or having an organ removed if i go over to the place of a stranger i matched with on tinder. 
-from a worried freshie
#545 how do I tell my neighbor to stop having loud sex?
#546 This is a real pet peeve of mine, but, people, WASH YOUR FUCKING HANDS!

Some of you are some nasty little fuckers. Running your fingertips under a few drops of water for 1.2 seconds after taking a shit is not washing your hands. For goodness sake use some soap, or hand sanitizer, or at the absolute very least rinse off your ENTIRE fucking hand! So what if your hands get a bit dry in the winter that's what the fuck lotion is for so for fuck's sake WASH. YOUR. FUCKING. HANDS! We're adults (legally speaking) you should fucking know this by now. My 3 year old cousins do this shit better than some of y'all and those toddler-sized demonic fuckers can't even read. This is part of why people get sick and we all know nobody around here ain't got time for any of that shit. So just do the world a favor and wash your motherfucking hands.

That is all. Have a nice day :)
#547 Next time you confess about someone write down their initials so that I know it's not me.
#548 can lambda tea please open a location on west campus :P
#549 Hey guys... Just found a Brazilian who spent his days liking our confessions and his friends confessions at another page called Segredos UFRGS ultimate.

Interesting this kind of cultural exchange. Just wanna share this with y'all.
#550 sometimes I accidentally type pizza.com instead of piazza.com and then I get sad and want pizza
#551 I love my 6.01 LAs. They are always laughing at their table, especially one of the girls.
#552 It’s not a game.

I’m not a robot AI challenging you.

I’m not a phantom, I’m in your face.

And I’m here to see it through.

Right before your eyes.

Watch us multiply.

Come to claim our rights.

It’s time!

As our power grows.

Trying to stop us shows

Might as well go try and stop time!

So you know that we’re out there, swatting lies in the making.

Can’t move fast without breaking, can’t hold on or life won’t change.

And our voices ring out yeah, took the mask off to feel free.

Fought it out in the debris, now we know that life will change!
#553 i need to be friends with guys who have less sex than me so i feel better about myself
#554 I'm the high school student who confessed here many moons ago in Confession #5980 (that was sophomore or freshman year, I think). 

I'm a HS senior now, heading into finals and about to submit my MIT app. Got my scores back and have already reported them. 

Just wanted to thank the commenters from that post for saying what they said about applying and stuff. It really gave me the gumption and backbone to just do what I wanted with my ECs and not be too highstrung with the profiles and stats and all that. My essays are pretty honest and from the heart. All that's left is to press the submit button and let the folks in admissions handle the rest. 

Even if I get rejected, it'll be fine. I did and studied what I liked in high school and am happy that I tried for a great school like MIT.
#555 Neil Aggarwal is so talented what a singer what a performer WHAT A GUY
#556 I am a TA and it makes me sad when students in the class come and tell me they learned more from me than the professor. Of course I appreciate their kind words, but that’s not the way things are supposed to be. 

MIT spend all this effort focusing on research and ignoring teaching quality. I only fell in love with the subject I am TAing because I had an amazing professor. The fact that the school kills students’ interest in subjects with bad professors is depressing. One of the saddest things in life is wasted talent.
#557 please. indoor voices in the libraries. especially in the lead up to finals. because who knows what angery sleep deprived students might do when...provoked...
#558 Everytime my boyfriend ditches me for his friends. I want to tell him to wake up. I'm not gonna be here forever. It's hard swallowing my pride and trusting he will figure it out on his own. So much precious time is passing us by. I mean, you say you rather be with me, more than anyone in the world. That I put your soul at ease. But as soon as they call, you leave to go smoke weed and eat. Tell me what should I believe? But I love you anyway.
#559 I am a new Research Intern at MIT. What do I do to meet new people, socialize, and make friends? Sports clubs, classes, or something else?
#560 In the season of giving credits to everyone who made this semester more bearable, let's not forget the sacrifices of all those roommates who would spend their time elsewhere while we're having sex with our SO.
#561 is mit confessions a stack or a queue?
#562 Incoming 2022 here. I know someone who falsified information on their MIT application and was accepted. I just can't see them as deserving of their spot. What should I do?
#563 As a straight male, I wish I got pussy but usually I just settle for getting dick instead
#564 Whenever I go to parties I'm really excited to see my friends and have lit music, but it's super suffocating being one of the only sober people there. I don't drink because of personal reasons, and I always instantly regret going, but I still go because I just want to feel included.
#565 The real struggle of MIT is that there are way too many people that I want to hang out with and get to know and not nearly enough time.
#566 Whoever was the guy that was working at one of the 6th floor desks at Barker, please control your temper. I get that you're stressed but this is a quiet study space. Slamming your fists on the desk or screaming curse words isn't helping anyone, including yourself. Next time, get up and talk a quick walk/breather to calm yourself down. Be considerate of those around you.
#567 Noah Shields can’t ride a bike
#568 Wencong Wang is really nice and cool!!
#569 My frat has yet to tell our freshman pledge class about the bedbug infestation in our house.  It's in the beds and the walls and it's impossible to get out.  I guess they'll find out when they move in next year.
#570 So I recently switched from Course V to Course X (ok kind of recently) and it's kind of like being born. One moment you're in your mom's womb just chilling and warm and understanding what's going on, and then the next you're in this really weird place and you have no idea what is going on and you just want to go back and start crying.
#571 honestly, not having my argument taken seriously just because i happen to be white and male bothers me
#572 Yo, crush.mit.edu is bullshit. I have crushes on people and their names don't even come up. Like wtf are you saying? These people don't even exist? So much for being a site for spreading love. FU
#573 Having mixed feeling about making out with those EC sophomore guys last night...they were both hot but this makes me “that” alum and I feel so old......but being told you taste good is always a plus.
#574 I know your super wild, in a prodigious way, and that your girlfriends are dudes, but some of us have a thing for you and since you're amazingly charming to all of us we are befuddled by your kind gestures.  I believe I have misinterpreted your friendship and I'm broken hearted by it. I must say there are many things about you that make you stand out from any other girls I have met. I don't know where you get that spirit, energy and love for life. I enjoy how you bring laughter and great conversation to the table. As difficult as it is to write, only because I care for you, as a friend I suggest you focus on the serious candidates and stop spreading yourself thinly amongst the amount of guy friends that you have. I guarantee you these lucky guys who have an opportunity to call you theirs have mixed emotions with your actions towards all your other friends. Guys are guys, they like to talk and would not like for your rep to be attacked. I know you are not about that one bit, and you deserve to be respected, which I would totally do if you had me, but as a friend I would like for you to be more cautious. Trust me, the guy friends you have now will continue  to be your friends because you're you. I for one are one of those friends. Maybe someday you will see me in the same way I see you. If your perspective crushes don't see what a diamond you are, they are absolute tomfools. I for sure see the radiant light that you emit. Only a few days left before you leave and it sucks you won't be around for six weeks, but I can't wait to hear about your travels to San Diego and Israel. I'll anxiously be awaiting your return.
#575 I gotta say that I'm addicted to the adrenaline rush that you get when you try to cram 500 slides in 3 hours before the exam.
#576 How do I tell a company I want to machine learn in someone else's cloud :(
#577 So I thought I was retarded, turns out just dyslexic.
#578 One of the first guys I met when I came here was Elian Malkin during orientation and REX activities. That accent. That face. I think we had a chance of being good friends. Unfortunately  I have not had the opportunity to see him again since and I don't think I ever will. And even if I do, I will be too shy to approach him. I just remembered him because I saw him comment on a post on Facebook. Stay beautiful.
#579 If MacG had a clothing optional entry, I would switch immediately, just saying
#580 20.110 TA Catherine is bae I have such a girl crush on her omg
#581 One of the things that makes me really sad is when I read people write things like "*place* has been where I met my friend and community etc etc" because I realize that I have never experienced this. I've never been able to go somewhere where I blossomed and found true loving companionship, and it makes me endlessly jealous to see that other people have had such fun formative experiences, especially when they met their significant others through said experiences.
#582 Harvard and MIT remind of Messi and Cristiano. Harvard is like Cristiano: Richer, more famous, more marketable and more braggadocious. MIT is like MESSI: still famous but less well-known, more low profile and humble. Like in the case of Messi and Cristiano, people argue who's the better between the two.
#583 Prefrosh here! I was absolutely obsessed with another school till I got into MIT and tbh I love everyone in the '22 groupme so much that I'm losing all motivation to even apply there anymore. I'm an athlete and the coach for that other school convinced me in the summer not to commit to an Ivy and said I should try to get into the harder but more tech-y schools that I love way more, so they're kinda the reason I'm here now. They coach is really rooting for me so I kinda feel like I'd be letting them down if I don't at least try to get in, but I also can't even bring myself to even write a good "why this school" essay. Helppp
#584 The most course 6 thing I've ever seen is my boyfriend this weekend editing an html because he doesn't have photoshop
#585 Why is there an unwritten rule about not saying or thinking MIT isn’t that hard? I’m sleeping more than I ever did in high school, I have so much more free time than I ever did in high school, my mental state is so much better than it ever was in high school but I feel like even when I’m asked these questions directly I can’t be honest with my answers since someone will get mad or offended.
#586 @10702 Yo, respectfully, f*ck that. My 3rd party vote was just as valid as a vote for Hillary or Trump. Trump supports say a 3rd party vote was a vote for Hillary, Hillary supporters say it was a vote for Trump. It can't be both ways. Also, a Hillary presidency wasn't exactly a great option either. I see my vote for neither of them as a screw you to the system (obviously who I voted for wasn't going to win, it wasn't about that). It's about time we stop only having two choices, and that's never going to happen if people just continue to choose the lesser of two evils. And before you make the old argument ""if you didn't vote for Hillary you don't care about minorities"", know that I am a proud queer woman of color. 

(@admins I'd really like this posted so if you need to take out the first sentence to do that go ahead :/ but please don't if you don't have to....don't post this request part tho)
#587 I'm male-bodied and love presenting fem, but my sexual preference is mostly for the female-bodied. I'd like to try hooking up with female-bodied people, but while I haven't had any luck, I worry that they assume I'm gay when I present fem and so lose interest. Is this worry unfounded?
#588 just wanted to steal Brandon Leitch's comment and post it as a confession because it's sO GoOd everyone has to read it:
"If you truly believe that just being nice to someone should necessarily lead to a relationship, you're doing the whole thing wrong."
#589 I sure hope he checked out my ass because I’ve been dying to wear this outfit for weeks and put a lot of effort in this look. Just for him.
#590 I'm not doing okay this semester, mentally, and all I want to know is, do things get better? At least during the time that I'm on break? Because I honestly don't know what I'll do if things get worse. Today I found myself saying "You're going to be okay, it's just a Tuesday. Oh wait, it's not a Tuesday.... It's just a mental Tuesday." I've thought things I couldn't even write on confessions, and all I want to know is, do things get better.
#591 I didn't get an A+ on the 6.002 final.... oh well. Will companies get mad if they see that I only have an A instead of an A+ in the class?
#592 how do rando freshmen get top tier tech internships...ok some of them have a lot of prior experience but the ones i'm referring to don't. they're literally taking 6.0001. they literally didn't know they were doing CS until they came here and weren't even that good at math before.
#593 Tommy Strei in that 'College' sweatshirt is goals. I know he's in delts but is he fratty as fuck, though?
#594 If people ever said I was a good coder, it was only because I knew how to Frankenstein together other people's codes well.
#595 Does anyone know the secret regarding how the students placed a police car on top of the dome?
#596 FUCK FINALS
#597 Response to #10741: Also an incoming '22 here; assuming that we're talking about the same person, the cheating involves grades and falsification of extracurricular activities. I feel like I should report it, but without concrete proof (just that most students verbally know that this person is cheating) it becomes a "their word against my word" type of situation. I don't want to create problems for myself by reporting this, especially if it looks like I attacked them without reason. Is there any way to deal with this or is it best to let karma do its job and assume that if he had to cheat to get into MIT, then he will likely not do well at MIT?
#598  Wow. Not being on P/NR is gonna suck.
#599 I like this guy but I'm not sure what he thinks. We get along well when we're together and sometimes he just hugs me but I'm always the first person to talk or the first person to ask to hang out. Should I ask him what he's thinking or leave it be? I'm scared he'll avoid me if I push too hard.
#600 Over CPW I made a fool of myself by introducing myself to Ian Bouche with his own name because I’d previously facebook stalked him. Since then I’ve made every effort to NOT speak to him or suffer from the ghost of embarrassment passed, but in reality I really want to be friends with him bc we have a similar music taste and we both speak spanish and stuff big SIGH
#601 In the midst of finals procrastination, pls take a moment to fill out this useless survey about our willingness to walk to places https://goo.gl/forms/Nxj9V8HPuJjYpFq72 thanks friends.
#602 To the people who ride around on skateboards in the middle of the halls and street while obnoxiously attempting to play harmonica. Shut up. Get out of my way. Grow up. Find some new less intrusive way to beg for attention.
#603 if girs can be taken on PNR, why can't they be taken on P/D/F? that's kinda unfair
#604 @10718: First of all, the caricature of rich people you have is just insulting (it reads like a joke-- "waves of profuse love" lol my parents hate me and would have disowned me if they could). And how can you blame someone for wanting to help their kids as much as possible? You wouldn't get your kid a job through connections if you could? Should people that are less unfortunate than you hate you just because you're more fortunate than them? If you let the unfairness of life annoy you you're going to spend a lot of time being annoyed. 
I don't know what the point of your post was so it's hard to respond but that sort of perspective is not going to be helpful in making whatever progress you hope to make in life."
#605 I love blankets. They're so soft.

I love soft hoomans too.
#606 As a person from a lower socioeconomic class, I feel intensely compelled to get everything I can out of my college experience. I want to study what I've always wanted to (physics, what got me into this school), and I want to avoid a bad socioeconomic situation afterwards so I'm studying for a CS minor. 

I feel like this is pretty unhealthy for me in its current form. A physics major is already pretty hard, and I'm pretty sure I have to study more than most other people to do decently well. Then doing the CS minor on top of that drains most free time I otherwise have left over (I also had no CS background at all, and worse math than most, so those CS assignments also probably take me longer). So then I'm missing out on other things I enjoy doing with my free time. But I feel like if I don't get the CS minor and a physics undergrad degree doesn't cut it (in case grad school doesn't work out, which might be the case right?), then a physics undergrad degree is meh and I might have not gotten as much of an improvement in my socioeconomic situation as I'd have wanted. So I feel like I absolutely have to study CS if I want to get a physics degree.

The alternative is to ditch the physics degree, study something more lucrative (probs CS), and take some physics classes I want to. But that's ditching everything I've worked for to get here in the first place, since I've just really wanted to do grad school physics research since mid-high school. ;( It's a dilemma. Anyone have tips?
#607 What's better - being brutally honest or hiding your true opinions?
#608 s/o to rose wang for putting the 18.600 team on her back in the piazza the night before the final
#609 Sometimes I wonder if I'm the only one who incorporates twitch emotes into an actual conversation  by using them as words.
#610 I spend the whole semester loving this one class. I really loved the professor too. Now that I saw my grade. I don't think I like my professor any more.
#611 how much fuck can a final fuck if a final fucking fucks? I final fucks all the fucks a final fucks if a final fucking fucks.
#612 I never knew what being in love was like until I realized it was why I always felt a tug at my heart every time I see you smile.
#613 I can't wait to retreat into antisocialness when I get home
#614 after 8.02 final last year: alright I did this I feel confident in myself, that wasn’t too bad

after 8.03 final this year: i have stared down the abyss, and it gazed back at me
#615 I love the freshmen on my floor, they all have such funny and unique personalities! So proud of them getting through their first semester~
#616 I have more stress about my crypto investments than I did during the semester :(
#617 Does anyone know if Junot Diaz is teaching a class in the spring?
#618 tbh, every time I see the rabbits around campus I start craving rabbit stew
#619 @10896 Many people use "male" and "female" to talk about sex (ie "Do you produce sperm or eggs?") and "man" and "woman" to talk about gender (ie "How do you identify and what is your role in society?"). Not all conversations are okay with genitalia mentions (penis-haver/vagina-haver may be inappropriate), and this isn't always talking about assignments at birth (so AFAB/AMAB don't fit).
#620 My fraternity brothers and I were really bored at 2 AM, so we decided to look up everyone's names on Urban Dictionary. I have a pretty unusual name so I wasn't expecting anything, but to my surprise there was a pretty detailed "definition" with compliments relevant to me. On top of that, it had been posted on my birthday.

Urban Dictionary user "Stinky Stan", I don't know who you are but you're a real bro.
#621 I met a girl who brought genuine joy to my life, something I have been missing for a miserably long time. This may just be me being abnormal, but I never say too much out of fear that people might think I am being weird or stupid and it feels like I am just bottling this unbearable depression. Never knowing if I am saying the right things or if I am really included in the group. This girl though, I just felt comfortable with. I felt like I could say what I wanted to say and I could trust her not judge me and accept me for the weirdo I am. We started talking more and more frequently and each time we talked I enjoyed myself a little more. I started liking her, but I guess I caught the feels too quick and the feeling wasnt mutual. I found out later that she apparently already liked someone else and the more I think about it the more laughable i think it was for me to think I had a chance. But I still like her and I don't know what to do with these bent up feelings. I just want to tell her how much she means to me, but who wants a person, whom they already told they dont like them, confessing to them out of nowhere. I can only hope to catch a glimpse of her in the halls on the way to classes now. I want to get over her, but I cant.
#622 Finally did my laundry.
#623 L=Iw
#624 This last semester was my best semester at MIT, and I don't hesitate to tell family that when they ask how the semester was. My semester GPA was a 3.5, though, and I can't help but feel like a fucking moron. All the time and effort spent, mental and sometimes physical suffering, and I have a fucking 3.5 semester GPA to show for it, with a lower cumulative GPA to boot...
#625 tl;dr: i'm a relatively affluent person and boy oh boy does money = privilege, this is something i try to be constantly aware of because it has made such a huge difference in my life

I wanted to throw my two cents into the discussion about wealth and privilege, so here goes. My family is relatively affluent, and we live in a pretty well-off town. Both my parents grew up poor, so they've worked to make me aware of how much of a difference money can make. In some sense I've always been aware of this privilege - that I've grown up not having to worry about food and medical treatment and etc. I knew that even when family members were dealing with alcoholism and cancer and depression, we could afford to get them the help they needed. Even though it was awful to see people you love struggle with these problems, it felt like something was being done to help. So I've known that my family and I are extremely lucky to have the access to what we need.
But I wasn't really confronted with this until I came here. I was surrounded by people who were all roughly in the same income bracket as me for most of my pre-college life. After coming to MIT, I think I fully realized that class privilege isn't about the conspicuous consumerism or using the money you have at all. It's all the other things that come as a consequence of just having money - the security in times of trouble and access to resources because you're in the right places.
Because the town I lived in is pretty well-off, we had a really solid public school system - my family never felt the need to pay for private schools or tutoring, because between my own initiative and the support I had in these schools, I got a pretty solid education. I was able to take advanced classes and do research and intern at a company before coming here just by virtue of being in that town and meeting people there. I ASE'd a bunch of subjects because I had had the chance to take higher level math and science classes in high school, which is an opportunity other people just didn't have. Even if I didn't bribe my way into those classes and worked hard to test into them, the reason they were there at all is because my school was funded by the taxes that people in my town pay. I didn't have to pay a dime once I was in the school system, but just by being able to afford to live in that town I got a leg up on people who couldn't and thus ended up in worse schools. I've met people here who didn't have a fraction of the access to education that I did, and it really made me step back and think about the tremendous privilege that I have and how much easier it was for me to get here. That's not to say it was easy at all - but it definitely was easier.

MIT really made me realize that class privilege is not as much about the money itself as it is about the access and support that just having money immediately gets you. Nobody is saying that because you're wealthy your life is rainbows and sunshine (although it might be, and in that case I'm really happy for you). Your problems aren't less valid that anyone else's. It's just also important for you to realize that other people have problems you just have never had to deal with and cannot probably begin to comprehend. And you've had access to things and support that other people haven't had even though they probably really could have used it, and that's huge. Just think about it a little bit.
#626 I'd go gay for Reif.
#627 Already more stressed from 12 hours at home than I was from 15 weeks in hell
#628 In the midst of this awful place I found someone I might actually want to spend my life with. Isn't that crazy?
#629 Hey, I just opened my door, and found a Star Market bag, so here's my number, call me maybe <3
#630 Thank you to everyone who made everyone else's semester great! The results of the appreciation form are in!

https://goo.gl/V4qR2f
#631 wow i forgot how much i dislike my family, please get me back to mit asap
#632 My friend failed all his subjects, this semester. And here I am crying about that one C I got.
#633 i didn't realize how much i would miss seeing you until we both went home. you won't be here for IAP, and i hope you won't forget about me when you're back because i think what we have developing is really special
#634 Is course 6 generally easier than other majors because there's so many people in it? Or am I just really good at course 6 and picked the wrong major? Or is it because people with experience writing proofs just naturally dominate the course 6 math classes because most people in it are bad at writing proofs since they're not math majors?

I mean course 6 looks fun and if I am actually just good at it, then I kind of want to switch, but I feel like I should figure it out first...
#635 when ur such trash you need scissors to open a bag of chips
#636 Is it bad the only notable thing about me is that I've seen Zootopia literally fifteen times?
#637 i hope prof mattuck is actually enjoying his christmas instead of reading our mathematical diahrrea
#638 Tag your 6-1 friends here to remind everyone that they do exist!
#639 I don't know why I'm pre-med at MIT.
#640 i haven't eaten 3 meals/day for so long. thanks mom for making me food :')
#641 Would you change your behavior if you knew that the universe was conscious?
#642 every time a video or webpage can't load, i think it's because net neutrality is gone lmao
#643 Pro tip: don't take 6.920. If you switch to 18c, take cpt there, and then switch back to 6, you won't have to write the stupid report.
#644 I'm going to tell my crush my feelings for her this IAP - wish me luck :/
#645 I wanna have a threesome with Tom Brady and Jimmy Garoppolo
#646 I have a serious crush on my 5.111 TA.
#647 Having a crush on your best friend sucks so much. When I ask you, my best friend, out on a date, it's not another person you sorta know asking you out: you don't understand how much I have agonized on the inside, consulted with friends, driven myself to madness, and repeated all the reasons to myself why I should back down and not risk this friendship. To say I have thought long and hard about whether to ask you out is an understatement. So I'm sorry that if after a couple of dates when you say you don't want to continue I am far more emotionally devastated than you could ever understand. And you may think you're helping by giving me space and retreating out of my life, but if you're going to do that, at least say that you are instead of leaving me wondering what I did wrong and confirming the biggest fear about asking you out: that I would lose my best friend. You don't understand the pain I go through every time you say you're not free to hang out, every time you don't want to sit next to me in class, and every time it's made obvious that I care about reestablishing our best friendship way more than you do. I'm over you romantically, but I'm not over losing my best friend. Please do something to show me that you still care
#648 Have you ever wondered if some of your friends were really just sardines dressed in a human costume? Because you definitely should.
#649 I want to join the DSA but I’m an international student
#650 Turns out almost everyone I thought was my friend hates me.  And all I can say is I am sorry I didn't know.  And yes I really am that clueless.
#651 I am tired of all these confessions about people having a hard time making friends. It makes me so sad. Would people rather have some quick but possibly controversial tips for friend making or would you rather have like a group with a combo of people who want more friends and people who have a hard time making friends. Because I am going to make it happen.
#652 There’s a few of Baker 1E residents in relationships but one in particular has really loud sex to the point where I know the guys name. But I’m not even throwing shade bc they honestly seem to have a great sex life. But I’m always wondering what they’re doing bc before & (I think) after they like die laughing.
#653 I hate winter break.
#654 Anyone here for break want to do a Harry Potter Movie-thon over the next few days?
#655 We're on break and I know you're busy, so I don't want to bother you. But we left each other with many words left unsaid, and I'm itching for the day that we're both back on campus so that we can figure out where we're headed.
#656 I miss my girlfriend.
#657 Is Lillian Bu single? Asking for a friend.
#658 tag the people you met this year who've made your 2017 better <3
#659 I’ve never been asked out in my life, and it makes me feel like there’s something terribly wrong with me. I just want a sweet, nerdy guy to notice me.
#660 The guy from Putz with the muscle tee is my eye candy.
#661 I seriously have a thing for the tall white MechE senior from East Campus.
#662 I love you Antonella Masini ❤️
#663 Whenever I can't find the saltshaker I just go to the 6.006 Piazza instead
#664 How common is a 5.0 ? I’ve never met anyone with a 5.0 during my time here
#665 bts for spring fest
#666 mit got some snakes tbh
#667 Who is the real class of 2021 meme God - Faraz Masroor or Jesus Solis? The most histort debate since Wednesday, my dudes.
#668 I feel so innocent for this world !
Can you be the "Wolf of Wall Street" while still being an "Innocent Sheep" at the same time ?
#669 I'm a better person after embracing the hoe life.
#670 I had to google "wtf is cuffing season" because of all y'all's thirst. I honestly thought it was some new frat/sorority thing until I realized the confessions about it had been going on way too long for that.
#671 marie de azevedo more like marie de avocado
#672 Is UPOP actually worth doing? There are classes I wanna take and things I wanna do during IAP, but a full week of 9-5 is a lot of time commitment and it means I have to give up the class(es) that conflict with that time..
#673 So I enjoy thinking about ways to die and ways to kill people. But I know for a fact I'd never do it; I just like thinking about it. I've probably thought of 30 different ways to spontaneously kill myself or others along the walk from dorm row to lobby 7. It's interesting, and sparks my imagination in the mornings.
#674 The year is 6006. The world has collapsed since all available computing power has been allocated to posting the 6.006 Fall 2017 final grades. The world's top scientists have estimated that the grades will be available on WebSIS shortly after the heat death of the Universe.

There was once hope that the onset of quantum computing would hasten the process, but all researchers have died in the meantime. A small group of survivors clings on to hope and makes a yearly pilgrimage to the ruins of MIT to check the last computer not being used to post grades. This year they check Piazza.

"Will there be final regrades?"

'No'

Average Response Time: 439 years.
#675 If you date someone in cuffing season does that mean you have to break up in the spring?
#676 i wish i was a senior with a job lined up. then i could just get drunk every night with my frat
#677 i have a major crush on Audrey Li she's so pretty and amazing
#678 I just got my first C here in an essential class for my major and feel like dropping out. I know everyone says it's okay but it's not. I tried so hard and if this is the result then why try at all.
#679 Alum here. After working for a year at a cushy Course 6-related job and coming home for the holidays, I decided to catch up with some of my old high school friends that I used to be really close to. We still crack the same old jokes at each other and have a good time overall, but I find myself wanting to avoid talking about my new comfortable lifestyle, as many of them have struggled to find a job that they enjoy or relates to their major or doesn't exhaust them. I understand that this is the reality for most people and I appreciate the opportunities I've been given in this lifetime so far, but it hurts to see my old friends struggling to get by with jobs that they hate and/or wear them out mainly because of the different opportunities that were presented to us at the relatively young age of 17-18.
#680 Please come back from break early, it's cold here and I want to cuddle.
#681 "Son, how did you get into MIT? You're a dumbass" 
Overheard at Christmas dinner
#682 I wish I could have said goodbye, just once after things had cooled off. (1,1)
#683 I hate myself. Why am I such a failure at everything.
#684 I'm painfully afraid my significant other is faking being into me, or one day they'll wake up and realize how awful I am and leave me. I know this isn't a healthy mindset, I just don't know what I'd do if that happened.
#685  If I struggled with 6.0001 psets last semester should I not pursue being a course 6 major?
#686 I think I’m in love with my roommate
#687 When you try to hit up your crush on dtf but they're not there :/
#688 I am having a big crush on a guy. He looks so cute and he's exactly my type. I knew he has a boyfriend, and I am just patiently waiting for them to break up. But I recently learned that they are in an open relation, which is a big turn-off for me. I don't think I would be fine sharing my boyfriend with anyone else and I am just feeling so sad right now. This is not my first time that I fall for someone in an open relation. Is monogamy just non-existent in the gay world?
#689 I’m a black woman that wants to date other black women at MIT but the community is small fam...
#690 I am so terrified that I may have actually failed a class that I have avoided checking my grade on the final or opening websis even though I know grades are up. Guess the CAP will let me know soon enough.
#691 honestly just miss a good college frat party right now.
#692 How many asian guy, white girl couples are there at MIT?
#693 How do you get to know grad students (specifically master students that work in your urop lab) better??? There's this really spicy aero guy and I need some tips
#694 Does anyone else have stomach pain that gets so bad it is difficult to drink water? I have been dealing with this for well over a year now and it seems to only get worse, I have gone to medical multiple times and only gotten a blood test but nothing has been diagnosed or perscribed and it has been ruining me academically with how often I get sick. I only just managed to get off warning by eating only one meal a day at night so I don't get sick throughout the day. I just don't know what to do and my quality of life is becoming more and more trash and I can't get to a doctor back home. Wtf do I do
#695 I was just having lunch with a friend who goes to a state school and to the person who thought that those who go to community colleges are a drain on society, you're wrong. Most of my friends from high school are going to community colleges or state schools and I would argue they're more intelligent and aware than some of the hard-headed students at elite colleges are. They're majoring in astrophysics, engineering, etc. One of my friends reads multiple books in a day and another has learning disabilities but is majoring in nursing with straight A's. We seem to think we're better than those who go to state schools and community colleges because we're at MIT or whatever private university in the surrounding area. Maybe we're the ones who need to check ourselves and get out of our bubbles.
#696 I just want to send a huge shout out to my main man Kolby Danner. This guy is the bomb.com and he's literally the best, he's been going through some rough times but I know I can always depend on him to pull through, even for some matzas
#697 Econ friends, which to take: 14.01 or 14.03? Please help
#698 I would do anything for you. But I didn't do one thing. I didn't ask you out.
I dreamed of you again last night. This time it was a sad one. It seems I cannot get over you.
-xyz
#699    01000001    When you said things like, call me “wifey,” when we playfully looked at engagement rings, and at our future house together, I felt so warm and comforted inside, I felt at home. I wish I had shared that more, I wish I had been more vocal. On the other hand, when you unilaterally said that you would leave the country when you were done, or that you expected your partner to be the sole financial provider, I felt no longer part of the conversation, I felt cut out of your future. I wish I shared my insecurities, concerns, and desires, I wish I didn’t pull away. 
I don’t see how a new year can start without you. I don’t see how time can continue without you… For me time has stopped, and I can’t start it up again…   01000001
#700 I kinda love confessions because I can post several times about the same person and the scummy shit they did, leaving everyone else to laugh/ wow react while the posts' subject squirms because they know it's about them.
#701 Can't help but feel like I won't be able to get an internship with my shitty GPA. It looks hard to get by when everything at MIT, from mental health to S3, seems so grade-focused. It's honestly weighing on me, hard, because I don't want to take some ""measurement of academic learning"" as something with intrinsic value to human worth, yet I can't help but look at my performance and feel like it commandeers my life.

On the flip-side, I might be naive or ignorant as hell - break my fucking biases (if this is a bias), and show me the light (if it exists).
#702 I wish I had someone to cuddle and sleep with at night. Not in a weird way. Just to hug and fall asleep on.
#703 is there a desi queer community at mit? all the brown people I meet seem super straight and I just want a nice indian girl in my life
#704 My parents are so damn controlling... ahh im my own person!!!
#705 Tag someone who spends too much time on MIT Confessions...
#706 I will literally explode if my grades aren’t released in the next day.
#707 I miss all my bois
#708 Now that cuffing season is in full effect do I have to wait until Spring to hook up?
#709 Damn, I’m just tryna get a job at the Krusty Krab after graduation. 😤😪
#710 I’ve made it a tradition to not check my grades and just wait to see if CAP emails me.....If they don’t then I’ve somehow managed C’s again. bless. So I feel ya #11176
#711 #11172 I too have had issues finding monogamy in the gay community :( as a queer woman it’s somehow been super difficult to find. I understand the struggle~
#712 i need to meet more gay women i am so reADY TO BE CUFFED IF ONLY I KNEW WHERE YALL ARE HIDING
#713 Where the parties at during IAP?

- Juicy Juice
#714 @my earlier confession about being jealous of people who were lonely but then come here, find a group, and blossom:

Constantly looking for a group like this ruins the magic.  It's not supposed to be something you look for--following your path, it just happens.  It's kind of like how in a lot of stories, a protagonist finds they're magical and then finds a world that loves them.  By the finale, they grow in power, and personally.  They never hopped world trying to find a place, and that is true for many people here. There are many goofballs or small town students who are accepted into a FSILG or student group that fosters and loves them like this.  They never went out of their way to find them; it just happened. 

So yeah. I need to keep looking for groups. But as I get older, I will never be in the role of the little one, the mentored freshman, that needs to be taken care of. I need to harden, because people will expect a junior to coddle, not be coddled. I will never have this magical transition so many people have here, and it eats away at me because I missed this fun development process they got through no effort of their own.
#715 Any other students at MIT play Runescape? Old School, of course. Type your usernames in the comments.
#716 @11227 You should say something...I don't want to leave MIT with the way we left things either. Try reaching out?
#717 Getting swole didn't help me make friends
#718 You obviously led me on. You flirted with me before we made out and you suggested we go out to a restaurant the following day. If going out to a restaurant isn't a date under these circumstances, then I don't know what is... We then made out the following day when we couldn't go on the restaurant date and after I revealed some private stuff to you, you said it couldn't work out because it 'dawned upon you' we live far even though you knew where I went to college from the moment you walked in the door. You should have thought this out because I'm pissed you fucked with my emotions.
#719 @Rishad Rahman, OP from #11210 here.
I wasn't sure if I should reach out through Facebook messenger or not, but I just wanted to thank you for sharing your experience and words of encouragement. I've reached out to friends regarding my depression and doubt, but nobody has ever encouraged me so much as you have. Thank you so so much for helping me realize that I matter and reinforcing the fact that I need to do what's best for me. In addition, thank you for letting me know that I am not alone in battling against depression, and that I can do it. 
I am truly thankful for your words and I hope you can find your niche soon :)
#720 Is it bad to have a crush while in a relationship?
#721 I think my boyfriend is going to cheat on me during IAP and I don't know what I'll do if he really does
#722 seriously, where's the best place to donate stuff on/near campus? i'd like to be sure that my old (but good quality) clothes, equipment, etc. can actually go to someone in need
#723 Life is short. Keep your loved ones close. Hug your friends every time you go. Kiss your family goodbye even if you are leaving for an hour. Tell everyone you love that you love them, and make sure they never forget. Don't ever leave with things on a bad note. You just never know when you are going to see someone for the last time. Life is just too precious to undervalue friendship, family, and love.
#724 Websis keeps giving me fatal errors but I'm not emailing the admins cause it's giving me a healthy break from refreshing for grades
#725 @11359 I'm really curious how common this sort of situation is? I feel like I'm in a similar situation (financially, family used to be doing not so great; parents made a lot of sacrifices and never really did anything for themselves in order to get my siblings and I the best education possible throughout our lives; money used to be hella tight;etc. But now, they're doing much better, and we live comfortably, though still without luxuries like trips or a new car and such), but I get excellent aid (tuition covered, and I cover my expenses + housing with work during the semester + my savings). All of my anecdotal experience points to MIT covering the people who need it, and the people I know not on financial aid, well, they live in giant houses and have been flying around the world all their lives; they don't seem to need it as much. Even the people I know who have gotten screwed at first were able to appeal and get things sorted out. Yet, there's been a lot of confessions/comments recently pointing to A LOT of major flaws in the system, and individual cases that were clearly poorly handled by finaid, such as yours.

I'm really curious if there's any sort of complete data/survey information out there that would give a better sense of where these flaws in the system are coming from, and how they could be addressed. Is there some common theme to all these situations that is causing a lot of people to get screwed over? Some sort of anonymized dataset that could show how finaid correlates to income/assets/etc? Does MIT release any of that information? In addition, is there any sort of study that would show if it's more common for people on or off finaid to be going hungry? Is the issue that MIT isn't accounting for every situation, or simply not giving out enough aid across the board? I'm also really curious how the liquid assets of people on or off aid compare after you take out the portion contributed to MIT (or college in general in the case of multiple kids)? this seems like a number that should be fairly similar for most people, excluding those who make far less than the cutoff to start getting less than full aid and those who make far more than that cutoff + the cost of MIT); yet it seems like there's a lot of outliers. It just seems like looking at the data and figuring out exactly where the problem is will provide the best jumping off point for then starting to go to MIT and ask for change.
#726 It's winter; it's cold, weather's gonna be awful, and there's barely any sunlight.
It's also cuffing season, but we all know what happens to relationships that start with cuffing season.
We should not lose track of the original problem; it's cold, and it's hella more comfortable to cuddle with someone while you're sleeping.
I propose something similar to DTF; DTC: no-strings-attached platonic cuddling.
What do the masses seriously think?

For the meantime, hmu at cuddly@mit.edu for pre-alpha testing ;)
#727 Jacynth, why did you ghost me?
#728 Not sure if I should reach out and Facebook message you again... I've been trying to call you for over an hour. I was so excited to be with you at the beginning of break. You still hold a special place in my heart, but now that I'm so far from MIT and you never respond, all I want is to never see you again. Fuck you Icelandair!
#729 Maybe I'm insecure, but every time I hear "I love you" from you I always question if you really mean it.
#730 When you're waiting to get back from break to confess your love for someone so until then the affection just bursts in your heart <3
#731 Coming home for 2 weeks made me realize how great my friends at mit are. Like yeah I have friends at home but I always have to make the effort if I want to hang out and often it takes a while to get a response from them whereas at school my friendships have effort on both sides.
#732 I cut you out of my life, you text me, i text back because i'm not a dick, you leave me on read? k
#733 The word of the day is WHOLESOME. Tag your WHOLESOME friends on this WHOLESOME confession!
#734 I had a really rough semester and I've gone through S^3 already to get extensions on my work for regular assignments but I still haven't turned them in. Does anyone know if I can still turn them in (I'm too ashamed to email my professors/TA's, I know this really should be a question for them)?? I know grades were already due, so does this mean I just fail the course? God I feel like such a failure, this has never happened before.I don't know what to do...is this the road to drop out life?
#735 OP of 11366: @Yevhenii Diomidov I'd like to argue against the uniform distribution. International students seem to appear significantly stronger on average to a university admissions committee (both undergrad and grad) due to lots of us having shiny Olympiad medals and other achievements that's hard to get in the USA, but lack many essential things that make a student valuable as an intern / hire for a company. Plus a lot of international course 6's are sellouts from course 18 who realize they have no future in math since they are poorly prepared for the rigor, when compared to the non-international course 18's.
#736 Is there anyway for underclassmen to get the Basic 10 Meal Plan? Basic 14 is so expensive and useless and I feel like a slave to it.
#737 One of my fondest memories hands down is overcoming the lingering realization that I had just been discharged from McLean four weeks before the end of classes but drowning out all the noise of the last two weeks singing "You Belong With Me" at the top of my lungs....my fraternity brothers right there along with me at 3AM
#738 Why don't any of my troll confessions get approved?
#739 Specifically at @11478... it feels like confessions is now some open source thing that everyone’s using, specifically people who don’t go here... but I felt like the original purpose was confessions of students? So of course you haven’t seen rejection confessions. SMH. I’d rather there be certificates required for posting
#740 Where all my fellow Ukranians at. Merry (late) Christmas
#741 I graduated from Harvard back in May and am regretting the shit out of myself for not going to MIT. You guys are fucking lit, fuck Harvard.
#742 Crush thread #3 results! https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_Xou7bXDs1mLFKzrCIMMLxjuv3Xe-ojOCZxPvZJqYjk/edit?usp=sharing
#743 i want all my friends to know i have a 5.0
#744 Any sexy Spanish boys here at MIT? And by that I mean actually from Spain.
#745 Can Camilo Espinosa choreograph to Dirty Sexy Money by David Guetta? #dreams
#746 My roomate walked in when I was touching myself, now he won't talk to me.
#747 Road work ahead?
uh yah... I sure hope it does
#748 
Ava Iranmanesh:- You are one hot tamale, would you marry me....Please.
A desperate single boy.
#749 MIT confessions is like my gf: they were great in the beginning, but now they just ignore what I have to say
MIT Timely Confessions is like the girl that I actively flirt with bc she actually listens to what I have to say and is more attractive
I think I am going to dump MIT Confessions for MIT Timely Confessions
#750 USAMO 2017 was so easy.
#751 The only reason why I don't delete my facebook is because I'm an admin of a science meme page.
#752 As a pretty frosh guy, I set a goal of fucking a girl from each and every sorority in my first year here. I've fucked 30 girls from 9 sororities, to date. I've fucked sixteen freshmen and fourteen non-frosh. In general, I've had good experiences with most of the girls. The top five girls I've fucked have come from ΣΚ, ΚΑΘ, ΑΦ, ΧΛΜ and ΔΣΘ. The most disappointing girls have been from ΑΚΑ, ΑΧΟ and ΑΕΦ. I've fucked only three girls multiple times coz they were so good. The most athletic girl was from ΚΑΘ whilst the kinkiest was from ΣΚ. I look forward to completing my quest, this IAP.
#753 how do i be as funny as claudia? send advice please
#754 I may be addicted to oxycodone.

I never intended for it to be like this. It started out from a prescription for an oral procedure. Having a leftover supply, I began to have some fun with it, though I maintained precautions and spaced out my use. I quickly fell in love with the feeling. I didn't realize how bad it got until now. I don't know how much longer I can hide this from everyone I know.
#755 Tiesto for commencement speaker 2020
#756 What is the quietest place to go on campus (especially for phone/technical interviews)?
#757 I wish we could be friends again - you may not believe me but I genuinely considered you my best friend. I loved you so much, and I still do. I miss you more than you can ever imagine, you meant the world to me.

I’m afraid that you don’t feel similarly, or even comparably. To be honest, I have no idea what you’re thinking. I can only hope. I do so every day.
#758 how do grad students meet/make friends with other grad students outside of their department? any advice very welcome
#759 Is there anything interesting to do over IAP (not classes already doing 2). I’m going to fucking die of boredom out here
#760 @11591, I hope that isn’t true. So you’ve been on campus for 15 weeks of the semester and you’ve hooked up with 30 girls?! I hope you are okay. Don’t think of the number of sororities as an excuse to (ab)use your body to perform these acts.

You and Your parents worked so hard to get you into MIT, and I don’t think they would be particularly happy to hear that this is the way you spent your first semester.

Also, don’t shame sororities. It’s not cool. We didn’t join sororities based on sexual rankings. We joined because of the people that make the culture of the house.

People can slut-shame you in the comments, but no one did.
#761 Has anyone heard anything from the intro to C and c++ class (6.179)??? It supposedly starts Tuesday but I have no info on whos teaching (catalog says it's Anne Hunter and while that would be awesome, I don't think that's true)
#762 Fuck Facebook’s 30 sec ads playing in the middle of a 15 sec video
#763 Looks do matter. (I've experienced it in person over the last few years) Anyone who thinks otherwise is probably attractive and hence doesn't realize it.
#764 Taking a step back and reading international news from across the world has really put into perspective how shitty we are. Let's be honest with ourselves for once, we're the real shithole country here.
#765 Victor Nuño Aguado Sierra is a great Travel Partner because he takes his time to enjoy museums and is up to trying new foods. (Except when he chickened out on eating chicken feet.)
#766 MIT, 

You all are truly singular people, and although now you experience this through pain, someday that very same pain will be useful to you, because anything or anyone worth their space was forged through adversity. Sincerely,

-**** Perez
#767 tfw all of phi delts has yellow fever
#768 I’ve had sex in the Atlas service center with 3 of the big guys that work there as greeters. 10/10 would bang.
#769 boys who wear their hat backwards are 100x hotter than boys who don't #fact
#770 I've always wanted to go on a blind date. The problem is I don't know anyone to set me up on one
#771 I think people have to be more specific when talking about people who have European ancestry instead of just saying "white people." Issue is simple. Yeah Latino != White but even then Latino may not be specific enough. Are you talking about fair skinned Hispanics , who are quite frankly probably >75% European anyway. Cause yeah Spanish/Portuguese is Iberian and Iberian is white. A lot of Spanish have Arab, and Arab is also white soooo. You have motherfuckers in Cuba and Argentina that are like 100% European, and then you have the real og "Brown People" who are not even on social media because they're still stuck in places like Oaxaca or Arequipa. Even when talking about the whities, socioeconomic status is important cause a white guy from a ranch in Nuevo Leon != white guy from Polanco, Mexico City. Hey and honestly, I don't like the G word man. We should all respect each other. Commenters, what should we call American Whites when specificity is required such as in the Puerto Rico confession? Hmm
#772 I just want someone to tell me they're proud of me and that they believe in me and care about/love me. I don't get that from my family and it's starting to wear at my mental health. I get jealous when my friends end a call with their parents saying "I love you too" because I don't have a person to say that to :(
#773 Being a guy, I never thought I'd be asked out on a date by a girl, but it actually happened to me just now.
#774 Mohammad Nasir you're one of the sweetest and most caring people I've met here at MIT. You've helped me through some of my roughest times here and made me smile when things went to shit. If youre reading this, keep being awesome. The world appreciates you <3
#775 I just want to bite my boyfriend up into small pieces and num num them out of love
#776 I only girlfriend to my marriage because she’s against proposed before sex
#777 OP from #11001, I got rejected :'(
#778 Ok question. If I tend to find taller men more physically attractive, does this make me racist against any race whose genetic composition makes members of that race, on average, shorter? For clarity, assume I don't have a "height cutoff" and can be attracted to shorter men for many other reasons, but height is generally a factor in my physical attraction.

Also, if I think brown eyes are very beautiful, more so than blue/green/etc eyes, am I being racist against any race whose genetic composition results in predominantly blue eyes?

At what point do I have the right to be attracted to one person over another without being racist? Why can't I be attracted to certain features more than others, if my attractions are based on those features and not on my knowledge of someone's race? And, since perhaps the genetic makeup of one race results in many people with many of the features I like, why can't I say that I'm more likely to be attracted to a member of that race? Remember, nowhere here have I said that this is a checklist. It's not that I'd *only* be attracted to people of that race. It's simply more likely because statistically there are more people with the features that attract me.
#779 I melt whenever I hear my boyfriend talk about how excited he is to go to grad school.
#780 Does Cyril Creque-Sarbinowski think he's being funny by spamming all of us multiple times a day with "update tetazoo glounge" ?
#781 stop writing confessions about me goddamn
#782 "Our college confessions page got hacked, so we are going to be utilizing this google form for awhile" you're smart people hack them back
#783 Ajit Pai for commencement speaker
#784 Alex Knoedler should do stand up...or the national weather forecast.
#785 who is that girl who goes to free skate everyday and spins around the middle, and why is she so damn fine
#786 I have a thing for Iowa boys. Something about a boy and his corn cob gets me off 😜
#787 1 good girl is worth 1000 bitches
#788 Pros/cons to cutting my balls off?
#789 So apparently Trader Joe's may be closing too? The fuck? Is it too much to ask that one of the largest college areas in the country have more affordable options for grocery shopping? MIT is tough as fuck and being able to make myself home-cooked meals that my parents gave me the recipes for is one of the few things that make this place bearable for me.
#790 Every time I dance I look like a flailing walrus. Anyone have stories that'll give me hope of eventually joining a dance group on campus?
#791 there was this really cute girl in 18.06 and my 6.004 recitation this past semester but I never figured out her name, who is she?
#792 Yo guys once I was drunk af and was saying goodbye to my new SO to go out on the town and party some more. At that point we had JUST started dating. I accidentally said "goodbye! I love you!". That was the first time I said I love you.  I immediately ran like a block away and just fell to the floor laughing and crying. It was quite a moment. I think about that moment sometimes and think wow, we are so in love right now. What a fuggin comeback. Here's the lesson folks, if the patriots can come back from a 3-28 game in the superbowl, and I can come back from accidentally telling my new SO 'I love you', then we all can come back from anything life throws at us, whether it be a bad grade or a fight with someone you care about or a rejection from your dream job, you can come back from it. We can all come back from anything, just reach out, take care of yourself, and believe. Goodbye, I love you all
#793 OP of #11853 here. Due to the number of positive responses, I've decided that I'm going to play God and match people up. You can fill out the blind date survey here: https://goo.gl/forms/Ltt4okCP1lQMkP3e2 . This is for MIT students ONLY. Happy hunting!
#794 Me: Sunrise is beautiful
MIT Me: But can I harness that light for at 99% efficiency to better the human race?
Me: SIKEEEEE. I'm sleeping till 3
#795 Yo @ MIT students can ya'll hurry up and reinvent science please or break the laws of physics? Like come on, just give me the ability to fly
#796 I can't believe missed such a good opportunity to suck dick for the first time. :'(

- a straight guy
#797 Would Sarah Yan be willing to go on a date with me?
#798 When you fuck your S/O 11 times in 6 days and have to declare a “sex probation”
#799 I'd love to audition for an A cappella group (Resonance) but I have no experience singing other than for and I but I'm too scared and I don't really think I'm good enough.
#800 My girl left me when she found out my tide pods weren't for laundry.
#801 Any former HS speech and debaters? How NSDA points did you end with? You probably had less than me.
#802 Its been over three years since my best friend killed herself and I still miss her everyday. ρ you will never be forgotten.
#803 Hi. Freshman here. I’ve been struggling to find a microwave in/near the main building. When I bring my lunch with me, I usually end up having to walk back to my dorm to microwave it. Any suggestion please.
#804 I dumped my ex coz he was sooo critical of how big my wardrobe was. He used to constantly argue with me about my shopping habits and how much I spent on new clothing items. I neither dragged him to Newbury St or garment district nor ever asked him for money. I always had time for him. I was loyal, faithful, loving and caring. It is my money. I can do whatsoever I please with it.
#805 "Too 5 Most Necessary People to Exterminate: 

1. Thots
2. People who don’t eat Tide Pods
3. Weebs
4. Furries
5. People who unironically claim J. Cole is deep"
#806 fuck my roommate is coming back in a few days so I have to stop fapping to ocw videos
#807 A girl I find cute asked me to hang out. Is it assumed to be platonic or as more?
#808 Some of my fraternity brothers manages to aerosolize pepper and create a chemical weapon in the kitchen all by accident. Who's the lowest of the lower tier frats now?
#809 hello, if you're gay I would appreciate you telling me before I spend weeks crushing on you :(
#810 Help me track down the incredibly cute girl I saw walking down the infinite in a purple peacoat
#811 @#11922 Probably not who you were calling out but on the same vein, I wish I had the guts to tell you how much you mean to me, but is probably best for us if I don't.
#812 To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Mass Tech. The humor is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical campus ""hacking"" culture most of the jokes will go over a typical student's head. There's also the movement's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into its characterisation - Mass Tech's personal philosophy draws heavily from dormspam flame wars, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realize that they're not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Mass Tech truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Mass Tech's existencial catchphrase ""We Are Mass Tech,"" which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev's Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as the Mass Tech banner unfolds itself over Lobby 7. What fools... how I pity them. 😂 

And yes by the way, I DO have a Mass Tech t-shirt. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- And even they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand.
#813 You Greek boys look damn good! Thank you Greece!
#814 Someone please correct me and let me know where I'm misinformed. I know I'm missing something.

I feel like some parts of MIT's AI startup movement are misguided (and that MIT isn't doing a proper job of teaching ML and educating aspiring AI entrepreneurs). I say this for 2 reasons: 

1. MIT AI/Machine Learning courses are either very theoretical (focusing on the math / nitty-gritty of certain ML algorithms) or too broad (they try to cover a ton of ML concepts / essentially take you on a journey through how ML progressed). In other words, their primary focus is on understanding models, not building them.  

2. Building your own ML models is another challenge in and of itself, but to (over)simplify things, it boils down down compiling a large (possibly unwieldy) dataset and then applying matrix multiplications, loss functions, and backpropping. Compiling the dataset takes a huge amount of time (not to mention figuring out how to label them), and then tinkering a model to "do well" on whatever the initial goal was, then going back and forth between the two, takes even longer. Not to mention that much of it is resource intensive and will have to be done on AWS. 

MIT clearly believes in AI / Machine Learning (just based on the number of new courses and the IBM partnership). My concern is that MIT may be  overemphasizing the wrong parts, focusing more on the ML models rather than the process of building everything (dataset and model) from scratch. (This could go into a whole other debate on whether its student's jobs to learn these things for themselves / whether internships should cover those aspects, but I'd like to focus more on how MIT is approaching ML).  

Basically, TLDR, MIT's way of teaching machine learning provides a good foundation for building 1-shot machine learning tools, not machine learning startups.
#815 Hey neighbor. I'm genuinely really sorry about the loud sex. We try to wait until you're asleep but you stay up so late... Anyway, sorry again, please don't hate me 😞
#816 potentially controversial opinion: a significant number of the us's foreign policy problems are our own damn fault
#817 MIT's new Policy on Consensual Relationships is unfair. Basically, undergrads can't date any member of the MIT community besides other students even if that person is not in a position of power over the undergrad. Basically, the administration is now trying to decide who we are allowed to date as though we are children. That isn't the policy for graduate students.
#818 @11979  They allowed me to exchange my brass rat for one that reflected my actual graduation year. If both years used the same supplier, it's worth a shot asking.
#819 I've rooted for the Patriots my whole life and still can only name Tom Brady and Bill Belichick. Just because I don't keep up with sports doesn't mean I'm bandwagoning (and it would be okay if I were)
#820 @ Blind Date person, would appreciate an email telling us if we didn't get a match, or at least another confession-update saying when matching is over.
#821 You know, I thought coming to MIT I would be met with a lot of smart and interesting people, but like the rest of the US, there's this ignorance... in feminism, in racism, in class warfare. If I managed to understand this as a poor kid in a poor undergrad in a poor country, how come people here don't?
#822 @11920 If this is about me—nope, not at all platonic. ;) Message me?
#823 I love margaret sullivan what a compact human meme
#824 Was video chatting with my bf and his mom walked in the room right as I took my bra off....fml
#825 To the white boy I saw in the forge wearing a pink vineyard vines hat and hitting a big piece of metal, you’re literally the most iconoclastic thing I’ve seen this week
#826 So one time my boyfriend and I decided to spice it up and have sex on my desk. I'm lying on the desk, we're trying to go at it, just one problem: he's a little too short to get a good angle. So what's a girl to do but grab her copy of CLRS and have him stand on it for the sake of good sex?

So there you have it, I've officially fucked over CLRS.
#827 He protec, he attac, but most importantly, he A N G R Y R E A C C
#828 Losing my father to cancer was by far the worst thing in my life.
#829 "You can never be happy if you always live in fear" - Lea from the Good Doctor
#830 Urmi is so cute. She’s cuffed tho, shhhhhhh
#831 I am getting my shit together this semester and becoming the person I want to be. I'm moving to a less noisy room, taking 5 classes, I'm taking a painting class, I'm UROPing. I'm not gonna drink and party more than once in a while, I'm gonna focus, I'm gonna work out regularly, I'm gonna have Soylent TM for lunch and spend less money on food and things I don't need. I'm gonna be nicer to my brother and everyone around me. I'm going to spend some time, even if it's a few minutes, reflecting on my day each night. 

If you want to change, or you are unsatisfied with your life, don't settle, and don't wait. It might not be easy, it might not be comfortable, but don't wait. Life's too short and you will regret not making changes sooner.
#832 2021 here. Can anyone who’s doing it tell me about Course 21E/21S? What’s it like? What’s the humanities to STEM ratio? Can you still (competitively) get a job in your STEM field?
#833 The deepest level of hell is reserved strictly for people who don't wave back on Messenger.
#834 I really hate being an externally motivated person. Unless I have someone around to keep me company, I feel like I can get absolutely nothing done. Especially at a place like MIT where everyone is busy or gone somewhere, I find myself laying in bed completely deflated if I can't get someone to do something with, be it work or otherwise. To make matters worse, I'm someone who has trouble making friends so the people I can reach out to are limited.

*sigh*
#835 The only reason I'm still in my fraternity is so I have access to the house during parties. I don't live there, and I'm not close to 95% of the brothers. After a year and a half of pouring everything into the fraternity and seeing how little others care, it's just becoming way to much to deal with.
#836 I had to google Technion because I didn’t know who y’all were. But clearly y’all know who we are by those comments. Just sayin
#837 PBE finally found its dope again with that party last Saturday night
#838 My girlfriend goes to Caltech. Am I a traitor?
#839 I don't like my UROP anymore. I haven't been able to do anything they ask me and I feel like an outsider in the lab. I want to quit but am scared that I'll either not be able to find another UROP or that the professor will be mad at me.
#840 When my boyfriend is being a jerk I watch our shows without him
#841 This weekend, I was at Kappa Sigma having a good time, but then, someone who I think was a brother started shouting about ISIS being in the house pretty out of the blue. I think he was yelling it at someone but I'm not really sure, so I got really confused. I'm a BU stuent, so this was my first time coming to an MIT frat for a party, but I'm wondering are they all like this or was this just a rarity?
#842 so does B3RD have a drinking problem or what?
#843 Tbh, PBE parties ain't that good. Idk why people say they're so good.
#844 Im an engineer and I use tau.
#845 What do you prefer vim or emacs?
#846 Is the guy that has semi-wavy hair, glasses, spaniard looking and lanky, that lives at the fraternity with many other latino guys single? I think his name is Iqué or something like that. One of my friends told me he thinks he's  been dating a cute freshman girl, but not sure how accurate that information is. Does any one know his status? I think he's kind of cute.
#847 Someone get me a straw because there are free cherry snow cones on the ground
#848 Who's got the best boobs at MIT?
#849 What is wrong with people??? How are you going to email us saying we have 24 hours to respond to something because it's *time sensitive* and then you respond TWO DAYS later??? Like we replied WITHIN THE HOUR. And then you have the nerve to COMPLETELY IGNORE what we told you??? WHAT WAS THE POINT OF EVEN ASKING US IN THE FIRST PLACE?
#850 I'm slightly concerned about my IAP housemate once she graduates, she managed to literally burn pasta and break the stove's dial all after dropping the entire pasta box on the ground.
#851 Blind date matcher here. Sorry if I've been unresponsive; I was traveling and had interviews. I've decided to open up the response sheet to get some more answers. I will leave the form open until the end of the day on Feb 14th. After I close the form off I'll probably stop matching people because I have things to do. So if you don't receive an email by Feb 14th, consider yourself out of luck. Also, for the love of god, please be VERY thorough in the 'Who do you NOT want to be matched with?" I've accidentally matched up ex's and team members because I'm not a mind-reader. I'm not trying to make this more awkward than it already is =/ https://goo.gl/forms/XKnyECUxscyw71373
#852 To the grad student in Cambridge grill yesterday eating with his two guy friends: When we made awkward eye contact, I realized how cute you were. Wish I had time to talk. Maybe another time?
Sincerely,
The girl in the green sweater
#853 I'm course 10 and let me tell yall something: Yavon Nulster is the best teacher at this institute.
#854 I use tabs and spaces
#855 Why the fuck is verde's SO expensive? Surely a school that makes bank can afford to subsidize the prices to make it actually affordable. It's like $6 for a shitty cold sandwhich and $8 for pasta sauce. The only thing that's a reasonable price is the Arizona but they can't make that $4 like they want to because the price is already on there.
#856 How do I tell this girl on my floor she's a fucking idiot who never makes a positive contribution to anything
#857 Hoes always wanna connect with me on LinkedIn but never irl on the weekends. Y'all some fake friends smh
#858 Damn, I wish we could have a large-scale super smash 4 tournament at MIT to determine who is the best smash player here. Although I think the people in Maseeh might already know the answer...
#859 @12393 I totally get you! I myself deal with that exact same thought quite frequently, and like I actually didn't realize till now that someone else at MIT did that too. It's amazing how confessions lets us know we're not the only ones. As for me, I find it helpful to really focus on the things you mentioned. Feel free to PM me if you'd like to talk about it more, I'd be open to listen.
#860 Tips for getting over breakups?
#861 real analysis and chill
#862 Orange is a whorish color.
#863 2021 class council is literally killing it, thank you guys for being fantastic!!!
#864 tfw you see a cute Wellesley girl, but then remember you prefer to not be stabbed smh.
#865 I have a 5.0 and I really want to brag about it, but I'd look like an asshole, so I just brag about it on confessions.
#866 I'm convinced that altruistic people don't exist here. Either that or they're just really rare kinds of people to come across.
#867 Serious question. Do more people prefer crotch in the face or butt in the face when someone slides by them while they are seated in lecture? Trying not to offend people here.
#868 I'll be an Eagles fan for the night if you'll be my Crisco covered pole ;)
#869 Get yourself a man who takes a 12 unit class (Español Uno) just so that he can speak to you and your parents <3 <3 <3 <3
#870 "How to graduate with a 5.0 GPA:

1. Take as many ""easy"" classes as you can,
2. Make sure to have ""friends"" you can rely on for each of your classes,
3. Get really good at presentations because that's pretty much the only thing you can't rely on others for.

Also helpful: if you can obtain/make good food."
#871 Am I the only person here that actually prefers tests to be weighted as much as possible in class grades?
#872 I have reached a point where I simultaneously have crushes on two girls. I don't know what to do about this. I mean... I know that all my crushes so far have only led to me being sad and writing depressing poetry. But how can I write a poem when I don't even know who I'm said about.
#873 guy at the gym's neck veins looked like they were going to explode. is that even healthy "bro"
#874 I had a dream last night that Unified's start time was moved to 5:30AM because we were doing too good at staying awake for the 9-11 every day of the week
#875 @#12410 In the event that this isn't a troll, one of the most intellectually challenging people I met late in my undergrad at MIT was a Wellesley first-year. I was consistently googling and reading about unfamiliar subjects when talking with this person and it was a humbling experience. Shoutout to our friends from other schools for pulling us out of the MIT tunnel vision and bringing about broader positive discourse :)
#876 At the face of it, everything seems great. I have a good research position which puts food on the table and money into the bank. I've done fine at school and enjoy what I'm doing now. Family is loving and supportive. My living situation is good and I've also traveled to two dozen countries and lived in four.

Despite all of that, I am deeply unhappy.

It comes down to a few things:
[1] Uncertainty about the future/career
[2] Struggling with being an introvert in an extroverted society
[3] Inability to find a life partner despite numerous sincere efforts
[4] Always investing in other people's well-being and putting myself second while getting very little in return (closely related to [3] )

While I can identify causes, I cannot get myself out. The anxiety is taking a heavy toll on my life and potential and making me into a shell of who I was 10 years ago. There's no way around it: I need therapy.

And thus I have learned that mental health is key. Mental health is everything.
#877 Theta Tau is the shake weight of MIT
#878 get me a boy who loves me like those delts boys love their frat.
#879 To the boy pelvic thrusting on the 5th floor of the Stud: +1
#880 Are you supposed to give 2-weeks notice before quitting a UROP? How does that work?
#881 ...shoulda gone to Vanderbilt
#882 You know how at other schools being poor among rich kids makes one feel out of place ? Well at MIT it sucks to be dumb among smart kids. No one wants to do psets or hand out with you because you're of no intellectual value to them. Just a leech. Don't say stuff like 'you got into MIT so you must be smart'. No I just got in because of affirmative action. AA can suck sometimes. Rip me.
#883 I should've known it was never gonna work out with my ex because I thought his brother was the hot one
#884 I feel like shit we do is so mundane. I don't even care anymore really, only thing keeping me at it is common sense and the fact that my parents are happier when I try
#885 I have a pretty computationally intensive personal project and needed more computing power so I hit up a booty call under the guise of hooking up, but the real motivation was to see if I could use her computer.  What has this school done to me?  #TradingSexForCycles
#886 There's a knock knock knock...
#887 I met this guy who plays on RAMBAX MIT who is Ethiopian and I don't know his name. I found him so attractive and considerate from our brief conversation and I honestly regret not asking him for his number. Would love any help in reconnecting if its even possible at this point. - a senior at a different school trying to live without regrets
#888 I talk such a big game about my passion for Course V but honestly some days I would rather be engaged with stuff from my sci-fi mood board, like figuring out how to nerve-staple myself to a military scramjet
#889 I miss you so much dad.  May you RIP.
#890 To that asshole who is a research staff in the basement of building 5...go fuck yourself you low life thief
#891 To all the people who don't put weights back when they're done: I hope your protein shake spills all over your vineyard vines shirt and you packed the wrong pair of Sperry's in your gym bag
#892 I'm not even taking classes this semester, just hanging out on campus. I've been here for one day and I'm already miserable, feel like shit, and want to go home.
#893 I want sex with my boyfriend like...every day, but he ever only seems to be interested every other month -- or less :( 
Since consent is important and obviously I wouldn't force him to do something he's not interested in. It makes me feel unattractive but not sure what to do, help
#894 Damn Wellesley girls are something else, man.
#895 If you can pay your haircut with TechCash, it aint a real haircut...
#896 I am considering trying to hookup with my little’s boyfriend
#897 Staying up late talking was the highlight of my week. You guys are amazing :)
#898 Why is there so much negativity on here guys? Love each other :(
#899 we have a cheer team?
#900 MIT should join one of the walk outs in support of gun control. I know most of the focus in on high schools, but these aren't just things that happen on high school campuses, this could happen here too. Is anyone working on this?
#901 Does that guy who works at the Z look like Toby from The Office, or is that just me?
#902 I valued my previous relationship 60% for the emotional support and 40% because she helped me fold my laundry.
#903 I made out with this girl last friday, only to find out later that she was from Wellesley 😭pls send help, I don't want to get stabbed
#904 How many other people agree with me: Black Panther was legit amazing. I hate it when they put white people in black roles and vice versa; when you change the race of the actor or the character, you're just saying that the race's identity has no value. Black Panther was an amazing example of how great a story is when you have black actors in black roles. e.g. I'm not saying that we can't have a black James Bond, but just don't call him James Bond. Give him his own back story that celebrates his own identity. He deserves it.
#905 To whoever set off the Simmons fire alarm while I was taking a shit: fuck you, learn to cook
#906 To the well-dressed Harvard guy in MAS.172 - J's cohort - I want you to fuck my brains out. Are you single? Do you want a good time?
#907 I've spent so much time with you lately that as I watch the snow fall all I hear is the soft crunch it would make under our steps while the rest of the world lay silent.
#908 What color is the Mitochondria?
#909 How do gays hookup here? Is not grindr for sure
#910 Any time I’m having a rough day, I just remember that the Eagles won the Super Bowl, and I immediately cheer up. Finally depending my happiness on the arbitrary outcomes of professional sports games is paying off.
#911 Prefrosh here: are there really that many weebs at MIT?
#912 What's the difference between Simmons House government and a zoo? At one, a ton of people watch some animals make noises and produce loads of shit. The other is a zoo (at least the president of Simmons this year isn't as vain, egotistic, and self-righteous as the previous two!).
#913 Wtf urop direct funding is a competitive process??? So you're telling me I could be totally screwed for the summer?
#914 Can more MIT girls join coffee meets bagel so I have a wider dating pool? Like there legit only BU and Northeastern girls here.
#915 Can we stop ignoring the fact that DKE is the actual top frat on campus?
#916 Last night we had sex in the middle of Killian, in a bldg 6 stairwell, a bldg 2 classroom, a bldg 14 elevator, and 10-250 

Finished it off in our hall lounge, a foot from a sleeping person 

10/10 would recommend, we plan to explore more classrooms soon 

Reply for an invite--fellow lesbians only pls
#917 To all the bitchy course 18-pures I have ever had the displeasure of meeting:

your mom is trivial
#918 a gold ring is an enormous waste of money for a negligibly small increase in happiness, don't fall into the trap
#919 I carb-load for midterms.
#920 I'm really into this girl in APhi. Hey you with blond hair and blue eyes, you know who you are;)
#921 Career fair question. Does managing 3 terabytes of porn count having as experience with big data?
#922 One of my best friends is now dating a guy who assaulted me Freshman year. I love spending time with her but seeing him around makes me sick to my stomach...
#923 Thank you for the much needed drunk cuddling over the weekend. I know when I asked if you wanted to I made it sound like I was just trying to comfort you, but in reality, I needed it just as much as you. We're both in relationships, but I'm so lonely without my boyfriend here and I really hope it happens again.
#924 Whoever in Next House spends an eternity showering at godforsaken hours of the night, thanks. It really helps me validate the destructive habit of my horrid sleep schedule to know that there's at least 1 more person up with me.
#925 I was very upset over the fact that Amazon, Apple, and Google have refused to stop streaming NRA propaganda until I remembered that all three so-called giants have offices right nearby. We could literally swarm their front door till they’re forced to acknowledge us. 

Putting the idea out there to gauge interest, and so that maybe someone with more initiative than me might actually act on it, or at least somebody could give some pointers on where to start with organizing something like this.
#926 That Aaron kid in PBE is mad cute though. Y'all know if he's single?
#927 White guys who like black girls why can't we find you around here. How do we know ? Give us a sign
#928 Human beings evolved to be persistence hunters.  We have unmatched endurance among mammals, and even though your typical antelope could easily out-sprint a human, our ancestors would chase it down over tens of miles until it collapsed of exhaustion.  Over long distances, a fit human can outrun a horse.  Modern agriculture has largely eliminated persistence hunting outside of a few isolated communities, but every once in a while, that powerful, tenacious tendency rises to the surface in unexpected ways.  This one sophomore, for example, has been hitting on me with such a relentless and powerful intensity that I'm afraid my crufty legs can't outrun her much longer.
#929 For the first time in 3 years of MIT education I notice that there are outlets in every seat of 10-250. Now I can die in piece.
#930 To the cute indian boy who randomly helped me with my 046 pset, you are adorable and were so nice and patient. Wish I had the courage to ask you out.
#931 If you aren't willing to risk your life for Bjorn Poonen, then you don't deserve to have him as your 18.03 professor.
#932 Last summer I starved myself until I was underweight, weak, always cold, and had prominent bones. Now I’m binge eating girl scout cookies in my room, afraid to weigh myself because I’ve gained 15 lbs in the past six months. I know I shouldn’t do what I did when I was underweight, but my current habits aren’t much better. I hate that food controls me and I’m sad that the ED support group run by mental health isn’t happening this semester because I really really fucking need it.
#933 To the guy in Simmons who keeps filling his bowl up with Cheerios to the point where it's basically falling everywhere: y tho
#934 @ MIT Timely Confessions... you'll never be the original. 
  - Admins
#935 Really questioning my 6-3 major, as a junior, when my easiest and most straight forward technical is biology.
#936 Somebody once told me that sometimes the best solution is no solution at all. Can't remember who it was but I wish the people responsible for changing saferide consulted him lmao
#937 There is this kid who started hanging out on Maseeh 3 and I'm really happy he started hanging out with us. You know who you are!
#938 I swear I want to kick down the automatic doors leaving the infinite, they never fucking open quickly enough so you have to stop or just get hit by a slowly moving door.
#939 Was it just me, or did Tegmark give a Nazi solute at the beginning of the 8.02 exam?
#940 Bodak Yellow is my anthem
#941 If HASS professors could stop getting mad when we prioritize our technicals over their class when things get tough that would be great. It's not that I don't care but there are only so many hours in a day and sometimes choices have to be made. I can always take a different HASS class to fulfill my HASS requirement but I can't graduate without passing 6.004.
#942 I feel like I've spent my time so far at MIT learning about things I didn't know very well when I got here. But now I feel like I finished broadening out and I have no idea what I should be focusing on anymore. Classes just seem like a waste if I can't fold it into a master plan for at least some kind of short term goal. How do people settle on particular passions in life when you've never had a significant life event point you in some direction? I feel like I could pretty much choose anything I want to pursue and be able to succeed, but I can't decide which thing to do. I would normally try to prioritize things I am currently interested and then as I tackle the list, try to pivot as I better learn what I'm interested in, but everything on the list is so close in priority that it seems too arbitrary. Why does person X wanna be a doctor so bad, person Y want to work on AI research, and person Z want to build rocket ships and knew this preference for the last 5 years?

Plz post thoughts and links to things that help answer all this
#943 "Here's the definitive list of top 5 dorms!
5. Simmons
4. MacGregor
3. Westgate
2. Tang
1. Eastgate
Honorable mention: Green building (not officially a dorm, but definitely the toppest)"
#944 Words of wisdom for the Sexually Frustrated of MIT Confessions: make your pornhub account password something you can type with one hand easily.
#945 seriously considering taking 6.042 just so I can go to that cute asian girl's office hours...
#946 These professors really gmfu. All they care about are these classes and these psets when really I'm just out here trynna play Fortnite. How am I supposed to git gud when I have 4 exams and an essay in one week. Y u do dis, honestly
#947 Sometimes I forget I'm dating the person I'm dating, and I think "huh we talk a lot. wonder if he's interested," and then I remember he has a girlfriend. And then I remember that girlfriend is me.
#948 What happened to siddhart siddhart?
#949 We should make all 6 classes GIRs.
#950 There is this girl I’m falling for and I can’t stop it and I don’t want to. I want her so bad.
#951 I want Dillon Powell to have my babies
#952 Dating an RSI guy is on my bucket list.
#953 If you took a black canvas Kuhl jacket on saturday night at chi phi that doesn't belong to you, please return it! I like that jacket
#954 I dont understand why people think the meal plan is expensive. You are paying for your time and for other people to do the shopping, prepare your food, and clean up after you (question: does would this make food cost more money?). OF COURSE IT IS MORE MONEY THAN DOING IT YOURSELF BECAUSE YOUR TIME COSTS MONEY youse goddamn idiots. You are paying for the convenience of focusing on your classes. Also, unless you only eat just a sandwich around here, chances are you are spending close to $13 per meal dinning out in Cambridge (unless maybe you are a vegetarian but still).
#955 even though i still have my whole life ahead of me, i see no reason to get up and try doing things. I have no worthy talents, and i procrastinate 24/7 (sleeping, internet, eating), everyday. And it's not like i can do much nowadays. My parents are unsupportive of what i do, and i can't do what i used to enjoy knowing that i lost complete interest in it.

I wish i could go back to my prime years as a kid. This life sucks.
#956 i want to fuck that korean girl who always does calculus.
#957 You're not relevant unless you know someone that lives in Fenway House
#958 I'm thinking about getting on birth control. Can I just schedule an appointment with MIT Medical to get a prescription? Note: I'm not on the extended insurance plan so it's not free.
#959 The Theory of Everything can go fuck itself. It's Hawking (2004) or nothing
#960 God, I have such a huge daddy kink. The only reason I still go to most of my classes is so I can think about slobbering all over my professors nuts & shaft during their lectures
#961 Are all Sloan students mentally handicapted or it’s just the MBAs and Sloan Friends or Fellows or whatever. I tried taking a course 15 class but just couldn’t bare more of their “questions”.
#962 I am hooked on weed and my whole self esteem depends on it. I need to stop but I know that if I stop reality will hit me in the face since I will reinterpret all my creations (art and experiments) as exaggerated ego pumps that I have been using to justify not conforming to social norms or doing actual work.
#963 I always try to look extra dead on the inside when I pass a tour group in the infinite
#964 MIT's free condoms are too tight for me. :(
#965 Are we running out of amazing students at MIT? The student spotlight published on March 16th showcased a pretty dull premed. Did MIT really highlight the fact that she was a TA for 5.111 and 9.00? And president of the student-alumni association? You probably send an email like once per week for that job. Lolk then, any smart enough FROSH could do those things. Also tf is it with the horses?
#966 I really wish that cute 8.02 TA would explore my curves like he does in his trigonometry 101 lecture
#967 PSA: If you are 5' 8", you are 4' 20" tall.
#968 Whoever those girls were at PBE on Saturday in green body suits dancing on the table next to the DJ were the definition of life of the party. Unsure who they are but they should be at every MIT party from now on.
#969 I feel like after graduating, people just kind of slowly disappear. A lot of my friends have graduated and are doing real world stuff. I know it's bound to happen because that's just how life works, but it's sad to see everyone scatter across different locations. Communication falls off and there aren't a lot of common things to talk about anymore because you don't see them all the time on campus. I just wish there was an easy way to initiate conversations without them seeming so sudden or out of place.
#970 One of my fraternity brothers/roommates and his girlfriend talk to each other in these weird, like, baby voices? it annoys the shit out of me tbh. probably more than it should.
#971 Y'all bitching about MIT 24/7, but when it's CPW suddenly you're all in love with the place. Save a pre-frosh, tell the truth.
#972 can someone explain to me how 2.671 is acceptable? this 12 unit class takes me 18 hours a week just to do the bare minimum. Why the fuck are there randomly scheduled in class quizzes? why are there 3 assignments due weekly that take 5 hours a piece? why is there not a class syllabus? this is not a class, this is a professors pet project that started off well intentioned but fucks over good kids who cant keep up
#973 To the beautiful girl who was crossing the street in front of 77 Mass Ave at 11am who hit the meanest slow floss and BlocBoy "shoot" dance: you're amazing. I think I fell in love with you for a second there...
#974 MIT blue-balled me harder than my girlfriend does with that school closing email...
#975 Papa Strang, please returneth and save our 18.06-ridden souls.
#976 I can't believe this girl is friends with me, she's so cool and amazing and I feel blessed that she even wants to hang out with me.
#977 I wonder how my friend’s girlfriend would feel if she knew how close he was to other girls😞
#978 Does MIT Medical insurance cover penis enlargement surgery? I'm already a good size compared to a lot of my fraternity brothers but like, another 1 or 2 inches would be nice, or maybe .5 inches in the radial direction. I'm on the Any 14 plan, by the way.
#979 Every guy I think is cute is a freshman... —a sad upperclasswoman
#980 My boyfriend packed me a lunch today. I threw it out, had lunch with friends, and told him the lunch he made for me was delicious. 

Win-win. 

All relationships are based on openness and honesty, but sometimes it’s just easier to lie.
#981 Where did the hot cheetos at verdes go :(
#982 i just want a straight guy that likes getting rimmed
#983 Ok, here's a few cans of worms:

1. Why do people oppose non-traditional marriage? What's it to you if two dudes or two lasses get married? The US isn't a Christian nation, so it shouldn't be making rules like one.
2. Why do people oppose stricter gun laws? A reasonable limitation on gun ownership shouldn't affect most of you -- unless you happen to be psychopathic.
3. Why do people oppose gun ownership? Second amendment aside, hunting rifles are important to many people, so unless they can be ensured that they have an inalienable right to reasonably carry a sport rifle in hunting grounds, etc., there won't be sufficient support for gun reform.
4. Why do people hate others who don't look like them? Immigrants are humans, black people are humans, Hispanics are humans... Why does it feel like only white people are humans in the US? And why are Asians do complacent in all of this? Asians literally get no benefit from anything race-related in the US: if being a minority is an ""advantage,"" then Asians don't count (education), yet when being a minority is a disadvantage (otherhood and being targets of racial violence), Asians suddenly become minorities again... CAN YOU PEOPLE MAKE UP YOUR MIND!?!
#984 Can we boycott Sheryl Cuckberg as our commencement speaker??
#985 It’s super great being home from spring break, especially when you leave the house for 30 minutes and come home to find your buzzed father asleep on the living room couch with porn playing on the TV
#986 Reif is a horrible president.
#987 When I was little I cried when I saw the last episode of Dragon Ball Z. I cried like a little kid during the end of Dragon Ball Super
#988 I met you at the last DKE party and I think your name is Tyler? I know you’re probably talking to a million girls but I can’t stop thinking about you
#989 I know this one girl who always gets "sick" whenever she has to take an exam. It's always a totally different illness too...
#990 Met a dude wearing an MIT shirt at the gym back home. I spent twenty minutes positioning myself in front of him so that he would see my own MIT shirt. Turns out, he didn't go to MIT.
#991 Ty Dolla Sign? Really? MIT is great at getting the 3rd string quarterbacks of music artists to perform at Springfest.
#992 I really don't understand why half the confessions here are about mental health, insurance and boring and geeky school shit.
Get talking about sex, breakup, revenge and fetishes.
Get your ass out of your books and have fun on the weekend.
#993 Is it too late for me to move to another living group? I'm a 2020 and feel like I should make new friends but also don't want to leave my current living group behind.
#994 I don't want to attend my graduation this June and I finally understand why. It's because I'm not happy. I don't mean I'm depressed, I just haven't found happiness, yet so I have no reason to stop and smell the roses. This does not mean attending graduation will make me happy. People aren't happy because they stop the smell the roses, they stop to smell the roses because they're happy. So until I've found something to be happy for, I have no intention of attending graduation or doing anything that yields serves no objective purpose.
#995 saw this the other day and wanted to share:

“Self care isn’t always pretty. It’s not always candles and a bathtub full of roses; sometimes it’s forcing yourself to get out of bed and dragging yourself outside, sometimes it’s the pep talk you give to yourself or the quick cry in the corner. Sometimes it is convincing yourself to do all these things you should be doing when you have no will whatsoever. Sometimes it’s cutting some ties no matter how precious they used to be. Sometimes it’s the bitter medicine you need to give yourself.

Self care isn’t always pretty but it’s so worth it.”
#996 When my boyfriend told me he liked me, I didn't know what to say because I just got out of a relationship and we were in different states at the time. However, we got to know each other well by texting each other and he told me he liked me. I ignored his texts for a month and during that time because I was super busy and he knew how busy I was and part of me wanted to see if he truly cared about me so I ignored him for a month. During that time he kept sending me funny stories and jokes to make me laugh and I did tell him at one point his texts make me laugh as well as texts to help get me through everything and said if he's texting too much or if I don't feel the same way, just say it and he would stop texting me so much and/or pushing his feelings on me. I never responded so he kept showing me how much he cared for me so I decided to date him despite the relationship being long distance.
#997 I wish i had a long cock. Why are girls at MIT so picky?
#998 Is it bad if I'm crushing on a boy who's already taken :/?
#999 Help: I lost my left shoe at Article 2 and I don't know anyone on 4th west. It is a size 12 black Nike. If anyone sees it, can you please reply? Thanks
#1000 I have a long beard, and I really want to do something creative with it. So I got this idea while I was high, I would really love it if I could grow plants in my beard. Like flowers and weed and shit like that. It will be so fucking awesome if I could just pick a marijuana leaf and roll a joint with it that grew in my own beard. Are there any genius botanists out there that have the know how to make my beard into a freaking garden? I would pay some good $ to show it off.
#1001 You know how they tell you not to do work in your room, because if you associate your room with sleep, then you'll be sleepy whenever you're in there? I took that to heart, and only do my work on campus, but sometimes when I really need a nap I sleep in the 66 cluster. Today, I went to the cluster to print something, and immediately felt sleepy...
#1002 When a class flatly rejects your S^3 note for a pset extension... what’s the point anymore
#1003 After grading problem sets this semester, I have way more sympathy for referees of academic journals (esp. math journals).  Come on people, have pity on your poor TAs (and future referees), and learn to write!
#1004 The problem with dating someone who really loves you is when you really screw up, you expect them to go off on you, but they brush it off as something trivial and you feel guilty like you deserve worse. Likewise, if they piss you off, right before you open your mouth and list all the things they screwed up on, they tell you how sorry they are and you have no idea what to do with the anger you built up.
#1005 I've seen a lot of too drunk to consent stuff here. So what if two really drunk people have sex? They raped each other seems like a dumb answer. If neither of them are responsible, it seems I should get super drunk as a safe guard but that also seems dumb. I'm bad at telling how drunk people are if I don't know them well and I have a lot of one night stands. Please do not respond 'don't have one night stands' as that is a separate issue.
#1006 Sometimes I feel really lonely here at MIT. Classes are hard and extracurricular are stressful. I love my friends and enjoy spending time with them, but sometimes wonder how close we really are and if they really like me, or if we’re just pset buddies or friends on the surface. I feel like I know a decent number of people, but don’t know how many I’m really that close with. It’s sad to me that I’m having a hard time finding groups to hang out or go to events with, and feel slightly left out a lot. All I really want is to feel happy and included here while pursuing my goals.
#1007 Football (soccer) died today. Fuck Real, fuck the ref. I feel so sorry for Buffon ;(
#1008 Be brave. Protest during commencement instead of bitching online.
#1009 I don’t believe in God but I hate him, because I’d rather do that than hate my mom. My mom is awesome, but religion made her make some bad choices. I look back now and I’ve forgiven her for her mistakes, but the fact is I’m still too scared to talk to her. I know religion can bring people together, but it can also drive them apart, like with me. The one relationship I’ve always wanted I can’t have because of some old-ass book. Fuck you Jesus.
#1010 To the girl in the MIT-Spain pre-departure info session wearing a burton 3rd shirt, are you single?  Because holy fuck you're gorgeous
#1011 My biggest pet peeve is when my roommates watch Instagram/YouTube videos on their phones without headphones, but turn the volume (to what they think is) just low enough. Dude, if you’re not trying to disturb anyone, put in headphones. You’re not fooling anyone.
#1012 I woke up in the middle of the night because of nightmare about mental hospital again.
#1013 I really appreciate the people that are competent and intelligent when it comes to their work and academic stuff but who also know how to chill and laugh at stupid immature jokes. They make it easier to both love this place and deal with the stress
#1014 Before I ask this question, I want to make it clear that I'm not trying to attack or defend any side's opinion -- I'm just curious about what people are thinking and how people are thinking. I apologize if this somehow comes off as offensive (but I can also see the comments section becoming a frenzy either way).

At the moment, I imagine that most, if not a lot, of people find that a person's sexuality very important when it comes to finding a suitable partner to have sexual/emotio nal relations with. I think that, for the most part, it would make sense for a person currently undergoing a sexual transition to eventually disclose to the other party (who may or may not be accepting of a gender transition) that they are in fact transgender. 

If in the near future we were able to undergo gender reassignment surgery so perfect that one wouldn't be able to tell a female born at birth vs. male born at birth -> transitioned into a female, then would it/should it be something to be disclosed to others?
#1015 I’m a white male, and my girlfriend is half-Asian, half-white. My goal is to have my children marry someone 50% more Asian than them and so on forever, so that infinitely many generations from now I will be a white man with fully Asian grandchildren.
#1016 Find yourself a girl who's a rinsta in the streets and a finsta in the sheets ;)
#1017 I never feel more betrayed than when my phone connects to MIT Guest instead of MIT Secure.
#1018 I hope you saw me looking bomb af at ring deliveryI hope you saw me looking bomb af at ring delivery
#1019 Yo sophmores post your Ring delivery pics already so I can tag myself & save the photos
#1020 It's actually staggering how much collective time is sunk into confessions. Look at all these posts! People wrote them. Look at all the comments! People wrote them too! Aaaaaah!
#1021 I came to MIT to find a place to die. Why? I don't know. I wanted to find a place where no one really knew, so if I died, I wouldn't matter. I still haven't but I waver between accepting this amazing place, and dragging myself to the chopping block. What do you think? Do I finish what I started?
#1022 Sometimes I wonder if I would be happier if I went to a normal college instead of MIT. Sure, the resources here are top-tier and everything, and the people here are the smartest in the world. But this is the problem. In my high school, I can satisfy myself everyday indulging on the mere thought that I am the smartest person in the school. I can treat people like lesser beings without feeling remorse and take pleasure in the process. If I chose a less well-known college, I may even have a chance to find someone to date, yet everyone here seems far beyond my league. Is it really a good idea to put all the smart people in the same school?
#1023 I really hate bad closures. I often spend a day hanging out with someone and I enjoy basically the entirety of the experience. However, I will say/do something stupid just before we part. Then, without a chance to clarify what I said/did to the other person, I end up being tormented by self-consciousness for the rest of the day. Weekends are worse, since it would be several days before I can see that person again and make sure they are not mad at me. I'm pretty sure they don't even remember the "act of embarrassment" I committed, but it still torments me to think about it.
#1024 I developed a crush on someone about a year ago around this time. The timing was bad, I didn't handle it very well, and it didn't work out. I am dating someone else now, but I can't stop thinking about her. Maybe it's from regret, maybe it's cause I never really got over her, but what I do know for sure is that I need to find a way to get her off my mind. Any advice?
#1025 I’m a freshman. I feel like I only have 2 real friends in my class and they’re often busy so I just feel alone all the time. Everyone else I’m even slightly close with is a senior and they’re all such amazing people and always make me feel included and happy. I really don’t know what I did to deserve them....I just know that when they’re gone I’ll really be alone and I don’t know how I’m going to handle that.
#1026 Pretty sure my roommate is gay, but he has a girlfriend. Not sure how to break the news to her...
#1027 I just want to find a girl who is down to drink my pee.
#1028 you know what’s really hot? when a girl farts
#1029 Even though I know white people aren't natives in America - I get a similar ""get out of my country"" feeling (like when they complain about immigrants) when I see them moving to my home country, stereotyping my people, and refusing to interact with them while they live in their own white people bubble.

Me da coraje.
#1030 I was on Maseeh 4 the other day and realized that Madelyn Focaracci is really cute
#1031 The political spectrum these days is like some wacko log scale. To my friend at the center I might as well wear a checkered bandana and shades and light a car on fire at Berkeley; to my friend at the far, far left I might as well wear a red shirt and blue suspenders while driving a gun-powered wagon in the heart of Alabama while chewing a piece of straw.
#1032 This kid gave me an STD. Can I sue him or should I just spread the damn thing around campus? Or both?
#1033 I'm sorry little one
#1034 i think my ex is a shit person, but he's one of those people that thinks so highly of himself he can do no wrong. i hope he meets someone who slaps some sense into him
#1035 I love how people think they are cool cause they code during other class lectures. Sick bro you're doing 6.009 in a math class! Thanks for ripping a 45 a feeding the cutoff
#1036 Every time I look at my fam line I'm like ???? why did you choose me as your littlest ya'll are literally the most perfect people ever and I'm a lumpy dumb potato
#1037 spending 5 hours debugging my 6.002 board has made me reconsider doing EE,  but thanks to the TAs for saving my ass
#1038 When it comes time for subject evaluations, is "I was literally contemplating suicide over this class" reasonable feedback?
#1039 Half a year after i got out of the mental hospital. Still have a nightmare of that time.
#1040 This weather makes me want to kill myself
#1041 Tbh most SJWs just like being recreationally offended
#1042 please bring back dildo.io
#1043 I'm from the south and grew up eating southern food, exploring on my cousin's farm, trapshooting, and listening to country music, and I wish that I knew people here who can relate. Is anyone down to listen to Luke Bryan and Jason Aldean with me?
#1044 I matched with this cute girl on Tinder...did a double take and realized it was my male TA...like. what.
#1045 I’ve been using my roommate’s toothpaste for the last month. I hope she doesn’t notice.
#1046 What do you do when you can't concentrate in class because of ADD, while you are already taking Adderall?
#1047 If you live in Baker and don't pee in your sink, you're weird
#1048 Favorite/most fun class at MIT (I'm thinking 2.007 or 2.009 type classes)?
#1049 I wish that for just one time you could stand inside my shoes, you'd know what a drag it is to see you
#1050 When Mike “The Situation” from jersey shore DJs Rockwell cage at tent parties
#1051 Here's a sad sad story about my sad sad life: I had a big presentation for a CI-M a bit ago, and the dress code was business casual. I hadn't slept the night before, and looked like absolute garbage. But, I dressed up and put on make-up to try to make myself look like a human. I was putting on eyeliner, and smudged it a little, so tried to wipe off the dark spot under my eye. It took me a couple minutes to realize the dark smudge wasn't eyeliner, it was just bags under my eyes.
#1052 I can't seem to do anything right. My grades are embarrassing. Everyone else makes getting internships so easy, but I failed every technical interview so far. It's so frustrating and discouraging. I try so hard, only to fail again. What am I doing wrong?
#1053 I'm tired of all these "I shouldn't have been hospitalized, they had no right to do this, don't seek help because you'll be sent to a mental hospital, etc". First of all, if you're sent to the hospital it's because a professional believes that you cannot keep yourself safe and whether you expressed that to them or not, professionals are trained to recognize when the situation is getting out of hand. Nobody likes going to the mental hospital; my experience was also stressful but I also didn't kill myself and that's the whole point. Spending a few days in the hospital where you can just forget about everything else and be taken care of, even if it is scary and not great or you don't want to be there, it's worth it if you come out ok. Often, it's difficult for people to have an objective understanding of how bad the situation is. It's like waiting so long before asking for help that first time because you've convinced yourself that you're ok for so long - it takes a while to get through your anger and frustration before you can come to terms with the fact that maybe you did need to be there and that professionals don't send patients away willy nilly.
#1054 Just had my first "Have a good...life?" moment as a graduating senior. I'll miss you guys :(
#1055 I'm a white guy who's been wondering why a large portion of the white population can't grasp the concept of racial inequality. Maybe I'm instead questioning a human's ability to grasp logic, but it makes no sense to me how some individuals just reject factual evidence supporting the existence of such inequality. Are these people afraid of losing underlying advantages? Or is it something else? I'd love to hear any type of explanation or justification, because I'm just blown away at the level of ignorance that still exists.
#1056 A serious question I cannot answer myself.
I am 27 years old, having a girlfriend for about half a year, but she never gave me a blowjob (although I did for a several times and she really enjoyed it of course).
I really want her to do that, but I don't know how to ask for it, because it's embarrassing me. I think maybe she thinks it's disgusting, cuz I don't see any other reason..
Any recommendation?
#1057 Honestly, if it weren't for all the pain i'd be causing my friends and relatives, I would happily off myself. I don't understand why more people don't see that as a perfectly reasonable thing to do. Every waking our is torture, there is no end goal. I didn't ask for this.
#1058 I'm in love with this girl named Margaret, she's just so beautiful and kind and everything I could ask for. Problem Is, I've never talked to her
#1059 I'm 100% in favor of equality under the law regardless of gender, race, and sexual orientation but I cringe so hard at the elements of third-wave feminism which advocate for illiberal ideas like censorship (safe spaces, trigger warnings) and criminal conviction without evidence ("always believe survivors"). I wish more SJWs would respectfully engage with norms of democracy and human rights instead of painting any disagreement with their ideology as racist/sexist/etc; the political mainstream would take them more seriously if they did so.
#1060 "Suspect is a black male with a black t-shirt, he reportedly has two hands and two legs". Jee, thanks a lot!
#1061 As a moderate conservative, it’s been difficult for me to understand one part of the transgender movement. I’m posting on here because I’m looking for real answers since I know that a lot of MIT students support the movement— please don’t hate on me if I come off the wrong way. I promise I don’t mean to say anything here on a degrading way :(

Anyways, on with the question. I’m confused about gender identity. I understand that some people may feel as if they had been born with the wrong genitals and want to change over to the other sex. However, when someone says that they have a different gender identity but don’t necessarily feel the need or want to change their genitals. For example, if someone who is a male by sex at birth proclaims that he identifies as a female, then are they just stating that they like to partake in “female” activities such as putting on make up, liking “girlish” colors, and “speaking” like a girl? I guess what I’m asking is: do they find partaking in activities that are generally associated with female behavior fulfilling?

If this is the case, then why can’t we just consider (sorry if this is politically incorrect) “him” a male that just likes to partake in female activities? After all, if gender is a social construct, what do people have to gain by becoming “transgender (in this sense)?” Isn’t that in some ways enforcing the very gender roles that the left is trying so hard to get rid of?

TLDR; I understand the feelings of those who feel as if they have been born with the wrong sexual organs at birth. But when people talk about having a different gender identity or even having a fluid gender, what does that mean? Do they just like the social aspects of a certain “gender,” even though gender is just supposed to be a social construct and gender roles in an ideal world shouldn’t exist according to the left? Please don’t hate on me :(
#1062 Just discovered the Borderline murals under building 68, can't believe I didn't discover them sooner, the animations are amazing! Props to the artists and animators who work on them, can't imagine how much time it must take!
#1063 *insert well thought out confession* 

*insert cancerous comment*

...repeat...
#1064 Am I shallow for looking down at girls here who don't put any effort into their appearance? Yes, we're all busy and have psets and clubs, but I try my best to clean my face and pick a nice outfit every morning! But I'm not talking about makeup or expensive clothes - wash the dandruff out of your hair, get glasses that suit your face shape (it's a good investment!), and consider a shirt that's not from career fair. Also bras - buy a bra that fits and doesn't give you quad boob. I'm looking at you, M.
#1065 my goal at the end of my 4 years here is to collect as many anime t-shirts as possible. so far i'm at 10
#1066 Report assault by a guy at a frat for groping me incessantly, and no one bats an eye. A guy puts his dick into someone, and the whole world (confessions especially) loses its mind. When will people realize assault is assault? Why is it that this kind of assault is more serious than the other?
#1067 I know that relationships aren't about materials but my significant other never gets me birthday presents and I've known them for years and always get them great things. It bothers me.
#1068 My girlfriend has 2 moles symmetrically on her butt, one on each cheek, and I fucking LOVE IT
#1069 I always feel bad for girls with short boyfriends
#1070 How do I show the girl that I like that we should be together?
#1071 Sometimes when I find out a couple I know breaks up the competitive side of me gets a little excited cause me and my girl and I are still together and more in love than ever. It’s like “another set of losers thought they could beat us? Ha you can’t beat the fuckin champs”, and then I remember that love isn’t a competition and both of those people are probably really hurting and I feel a little bit bad for thinking about it that way. Anyway, we still winnin tho, I love you baby.
#1072 So like I started dating a chinese chick, and I am brown (south asian), so this was already a bad idea cause her parents hate me , and If I tell my parents, I'll be beheaded. What do?
#1073 smh i swear the news article on burglaries at MIT frats just acted as an invitation of “hey look how easy it is to do!” and now there’s so many more. Media needs to be more careful
#1074 I don't understand why people are so uncomfortable with the existence of furries... Like, yes, they kinky, but we live in a generation where Fifty Shades of Grey gets a huge following, but furries are extradited?? Y'all gotta be joking
#1075 Question by a prefrosh who just got their dorm assignment: How bad are Maseeh’s ground level dorms?
#1076 I’m so fucking tired of talk about linear algebra, proprietary software, and all these news articles about Trump’s latest faux pas. I don’t give a single fuck if you prefer vim or emacs or fucking eclipse. I haven’t had a full night’s sleep since before I graduated high school — fuck — and for what? This? So I can walk the streets of Cambridge, in the shadow of biotech companies and Google and Microsoft and all kinds of startup shit, suffocating while I’m looking for a place to buy a $6 fucking cup of coffee? How’s a kid supposed to live like this? I grew up loving outer space. I fancied myself an astrophysicist but I never wanted to touch another equation after 8.01. I came here so I could learn how to do anything I wanted, but I feel crippled and pigeonholed into a career where I’ll be another cog in some corporate machine or some soon-to-fail “freethinking entrepreneur” working at a startup until it is acquired by Facebook for a pittance. Don’t even get me started about grad school. I don’t think I could sit in another lecture if you held me at fucking gunpoint. I’m the loser sitting through commencement, disgusted with myself, ignoring the speaker while all too appropriately surfing Facebook on my fucking iPhone — I’m such a fucking sellout. I make noise and complain but do nothing. What a waste of space. I just want to sit by the river and read books the rest of my life while all you other kids sit waiting for your code to compile. I want to throw my computer and my brass rat into the Charles instead of turning this pset in. Do you think S^3 would write me a note for that? Sorry Mr. Asshole Professor, I couldn’t do my fucking code review because I drowned my laptop mid-existential crisis; can I have an extra slack day? I’ve laid to rest so many hopes and dreams here, and maybe that’s just fucking growing up. Maybe that’s just fucking life which isn’t fair. Maybe I’ll make mad cash working on an app for people to share memes or maybe I’ll make some rich white dude richer by giving them a few nanoseconds more speed on their trading algorithms. Fuck me! And I swear to GOD if I get another email asking to unsubscribe. I hate the way that tourists clog the hallways, gawking at some lofty, imagined fiction we must all be living. But to live is to suffer and let me swear to you that I am suffering. I’ve sold my soul for a piece of paper and the keys to the city, that is if the city was just some stand-up, networking cocktail hour with hors d'oeuvres that will end up on the free food mailing list which will be quickly claimed by some barefoot EC kid. I’m tired of paragraph-long email signatures. I’m tired of emails. I’m tired of Slack notifications and friend requests. I’m tired of taking pills in the morning and pills at night and pills during the day when it gets hard to breathe and stay upright. All I can think about is receptors and balancing chemical equations all the while wishing I could just be fucking normal. I hate fake friends and best friends who become family only to leave you all but dead in a ditch. To witness just how little we mean to each other is to witness poison seeping through the sidewalks of this city, and the poison absorbs into your body through the soles of your feet with each step you dare take inside city limits. To escape you go somewhere familiar and full of trees. A place where people have backyards and front yards and driveways. The space between houses, the space between your house and the nearest grocery store like a distance between celestial bodies. The clean air and open spaces are somehow suffocating. What is wrong with me? Hell, I’d love to have a work-life balance if only I could think of something to fill my life with. Until then, it doesn’t matter, put me to work with 16-hour days. Please, I beg you. Fill up the hours of the day with something. I just want to be financially stable; I just want to find some contentment with being. I just want to sleep without dreaming.
#1077 hi is this google? how to not be awkward
#1078 if you don't have enough colors on your Google calendar for your shit, that's a sign you're doing too much buddy <3
#1079 Hey where are all the confessions? I miss them :/
#1080 Senior girl here, and I got yet another PSA for the frosh girls. You have probably heard some variant of “MIT Frats are different” in the last week. As wet Wednesday approaches, I can confirm they are different, but that doesn’t mean they’re safe. If you don’t protect yourself, the unfortunate reality is that you are a target to be assaulted at or after these parties. I struggle to recount all the girls who have told me about the guys who forced themselves after no’s, when they were blackout ,or when they were passed out. It is never your fault, but you need to protect yourselves at these parties. Don’t not have fun, but don’t deceive yourself into thinking that because you’re at MIT, you can let your guard down. I’ve seen that story play out poorly too many times.
#1081 At Tesla, they have a special room called the VIBE room. Here, parts are put under various vibrational patterns to test their structural integrity. Now I wish I was Course 2, because then I could be designing systems that can handle the vibes (;
#1082 One of my TA's has such amazing handwriting that I'd like to marry it.
#1083 I am sure you are all very aware that someone in our group decided to make an announcement using the slang vernacular “lit"". This grave mistake must be addressed for the dual connotation of noobishness and disrespect.

I am demanding that in the future all correspondence refrain from this weak terminology in favor of alternative synonyms. Acceptable words include: exciting, enjoyable, or illuminating.

I don't mean to hurt anyone feelings by this, but the greatest authors of English literature did not toil and suffer for the likes of their entomological descendants to barrage the classic language with half baked substitutes for meaningful communication. Shakespeare suffered through a heinous divorce and multiple dead children understanding that his legacy would live on through the power of his invaluable contributions to western culture. Charles Dickens‘s father did not beat him and banish him from school so that his literature could be debased by the likes of immature school children not wanting to put forth the effort of a real sentence. Mary Shelley was not blackmailed by her enemies only to be betrayed and back-stabbed by the very individuals she devoted her life to serve.

So please, l ask of you, remember the great founders of our great culture and language in the future, when you feel so compelled to utilize such base incantations with less meaning than the sum of their letters. Indeed, instead of disgracing our ancestors without even the respect of doing it to their faces, honor them by elevating yourself to the higher standard of distinguished language.

Thank you
#1084 Is it normal to be attracted to a girl solely based on her attitude towards things? There is this girl I am friends with in Course 6, and her attitude towards everything seem so mature. I wish I could have an attitude like that
#1085 I can’t be diddled again
#1086 Anyone want to post some advice about (or shamelessly promote) the best clubs to join at MIT? Especially ones that participate in activities outside the MIT bubble (compete at outside events, host events with different schools, etc)? Lol I missed the activities midway and have run out of immediate upperclassmen to pester about their clubs...
#1087 Are we still outraged about the DT study break?
#1088 The 320 TA’s lecture and recitation notes are life goals. Keep it up bro.
#1089 So if your dick is small pre boner but gets really big post boner, is your dick small or big? This is a question that haunts me.
#1090 And with the addition of its newest freshman, Phi Delta Theta is officially the de facto fencing fraternity
#1091 Though I don't believe in love, I felt in love with someone from the first sight. At first I thought that I just liked his personality or his way to talk or whatever but this feeling never stops. Always when I see him I feel butterflies in my stomach and my heart beats go much faster. The thing is I don't wanna be involved in any relationships so far. I am not ready to such stuff yet, and even if I am I don't think he will be interested in someone like me. 
What should I do to get rid of this feelings towards him? considering that we are having much courses together.
#1092 How to die 101: do a shot of pure cannabis oil

*disclaimer: I may or may not speak from experience
#1093 holy shit i'm a junior fuck like no that's unacceptable i was bitching about GIRs like yesterday i'm not old
#1094 Who’s the hot af blond 5.111 TA? Always handing out lecture notes? Pls help ty! 
Sincerely, a non freshman
#1095 How did phi b e get away with making their phi a p? Phi b e sounds way sicker
#1096 I just want to thank Ivan Ferreira for being the most wonderful 6.006 TA
#1097 I have a crush on this guy and I'm pretty sure he likes me too.  We keep making eye contact during our classes and I almost start talking to him but then I get shy and leave.  Please talk to me more I want get to know you better :)
#1098 The designers of 26-100 can pound sand
#1099 I’m confused by Tau Beta Pi’s eligibility... is it a GPA cutoff? Because I know people with 5.0 and many A+s who have not gotten an invite while some with lower GPAs have
#1100 There's this really cute sophomore guy who's taking like 7 classes and still somehow has time to have a job and run or some shit like that but idk if its okay for a freshman to hit on a sophomore :/
#1101 How is it that MIT has repeatedly fucked me and my social group on campus? It seems like they’re targeting us and I don’t even know how
#1102 So like timely totally shut down cause this page's new admins are timely's founders right? I mean theyre the most qualified for the job and that's the only way they'd knoe for a fact this page is alive again
#1103 Thank you so much Rose for being a great 6.006 TA!!! You're explain concepts amazingly well in office hours. I wish I could switch into your recitation :(
#1104 are you a course 7 wondering if you should get an MD or a PhD? wonder no more! what do you think of when you hear "ER"?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
1. "Emergency Room" = get an MD
2. "Endoplasmic reticulum" = get a PhD
#1105 I'm finally tired of this stupid fucking culture at MIT. The culture I'm talking about is the one where everyone tries their best to skirt direct language when they know it's going to hurt someone's feelings. It's so fucking tiring and difficult to have to think about how I can tell you that your contribution to this group project is fucking garbage and that everything you've done is completely pointless without hurting your feelings. And this is only one symptom of the culture. Tiptoeing around these issues in person is the reason Timely confessions was so toxic; because noone was willing to own up to their own opinions for fear of being disagreed with. It's disgusting. If anyone who knows me sees this, they will know I was the one who posted this because from now on when you're being a fucking idiot I'm going to let you know.
#1106 Couple weeks into 18.01 now, doing well, already past the chain rule and beyond. Quotient rule was a joke. Product rule remains my specialty.
I ask Professor Seidel his thoughts on quantum mechanics and partial derivatives. He's impressed i know about the subject. We converse after class for some time, sharing mathematical insights; i can keep up. He tells me of great things ahead like series and laplacians. I tell him i already read about series on wikipedia. He is yet again impressed at my enthusiasm. What a joy it is to have your professor visibly brighten when he learns of your talents.
And now I sit here wondering what it must be like to be a brainlet, unable to engage your professor as an intellectual peer. All of the deep conversations you people must miss out on because you aren't able to overcome the intellectual IQ barrier that stands in the way of your academic success... it's so sad. Paul and I know each other on first name basis now, but i call him Dr. out of respect.
And yet here you brainlets sit, probably havent even made eye contact with yours out of fear that they will gauge your brainlet IQ levels.
A true shame, but just know it is because i was born special that i am special. I can't help being a genius, nor can my professor. Two of a kind is two flocks in a bush.
#1107 my goal at the end of my 4 years here is to collect as many anime t-shirts as possible. so far i'm at 10
#1108 Everyone posting about how guy from x-race dates girl from y-race. But each time I see a girl dating any guy, I'm like she can do better. Why isn't she dating other girls?
#1109 I stressed over grades my whole time at MIT. Not to say I had no balance, but I did prioritize psets over friends. And it worked: I got A's. 

Finally it's my last semester, and I yield to senioritus. I prioritize my happiness and relationships over everything. I'm stress free. Life is good. I remember what sleep feels like. And guess what? I still did well.

I can't claim my experience is true of everyone - it probably isn't. But if I could tell my Frosh self anything, I'd say to cut myself some slack. Life is so much better.
#1110 I know we're in college and want to live free, but why is it so hard to get in a relationship with a black man here, I'm trying to get some of that loyalty they're always talking about.
#1111 How do you ascertain if someone likes you without giving the impression that you like them? Since I don't like them, but I'd feel better if I reject this person sooner rather than make her feel worse later.
#1112 Wtf are we supposed to do if we got macg summer housing, 3450 means after taxes I'm in the hole this summer. Thanks MIT for finding a way to make employment leave you hungry and homeless
#1113 Is it ok to ask my prof out if I'm a senior and know she's single? Thers an age gap but I feel we would click.
#1114 Hot take: If you control for major, MIT isn't any more difficult than any other top-15 school
#1115 I swear to god, if one more Wellesley girl puts "MIT Sloan" or "MIT" on their LinkedIn I'm going to lose it. You did not go to MIT. Taking some course at MIT as an undergrad doesn't let you put MIT in your damn education section on LinkedIn.
#1116 I hate when I leave MIT and then someone finds out where I go to school and start assuming I'm super privileged and don't understand the struggle. Like BITCH I grew up in a poor family with less than $30k for a family of 6, my parents were poor immigrants and stopped being able to help me with school after 3rd grade, my high school was a trashy public school in the inner city where 5 of my classmates died from gun violence or drug overdoses, and when I got to MIT I started working 3 different jobs so that I could get financial stability for myself. I worked my ass off to get here and I STILL am because I know that a person with my background doesn't get to just stay at MIT status without constantly proving themself. But of course the daughter of college professors who grew up in wonderful white suburbia moves to a super liberal state college and starts going on about how "private school kids" have SO much privilege and that everything I do is "the most privileged thing" they've ever heard. Like hmmm you ever think to realize that maybe I do what I do because I know what it's like to not have anything? Just because I'm a functional adult and not shy about asking for things doesn't mean I'm some sort of privileged sheltered college student. Get off your damn high horses flaunting socialism and justice when you haven't checked your own damn self. Fuckin SJWs tryna call people out when they really need to take a look in the mirror. Bitches like her haven't gone through shit and don't do shit for other people but yell about socialism when they don't actually understand society at all
#1117 How many of turds here coming from a background of pure physics or mathematics, who boasted about their love with the subject in their essays are doing computer science major?
#1118 My parents have a reputation for being super strict with my grades. I've talked with them in the past about it, and I thought it would end when I got into MIT, but when I told them I got a B+ in a class they got angry... 

On top of that they said they would have ""serious""  problems with me if I didn't get into a top tier, brand name grad school (even if it didn't suit my research interests). If I got a six figure job at a well known company, it wouldn't matter to them if I got rejected from grad school. I was told my only option was to switch into 6-3 or get that 5.0. I don't know where I should go from here. What should I do?
#1119 Every day I wake up to the fact that John Mccain today is considered a moderate republican.  What the fuck.
#1120  I can no longer resist the pizza. I open the box and unzip my pants with my other hand. As I penetrate the gooey cheese, I moan in ecstacy. The mushrooms and Italian sausage are rough, but the sauce is deliciously soothing. I blow my load in seconds. As you leave the bathroom, I exit through the front door....
#1121 Tourists should be banned from taking an MIT tour if they are wearing a Harvard top.
#1122 When/where do people play pickup soccer during the summer? I really want to play!
#1123 To the 7.013 student who made false accusations about your TA and only dared to spit it in the course evaluation, it'd be worthwhile thinking how you could have dedicated your life to a better cause than wasting time throwing hate like a coward.
#1124 If I hear one more person complain on here about gaining weight I'm going to lose it. I wish I had your problem. There are people starving on campus like myself who can't stop losing weight at MIT for years because it takes every penny just to be here, cost of living here sucks. If ur gaining too much weight pls donate your food or something. I'm living off of peanut butter and stale taco shells
#1125 Report assault by a guy at a frat for groping me incessantly, and no one bats an eye. A guy puts his dick into someone, and the whole world (confessions especially) loses its mind. When will people realize assault is assault? Why is it that this kind of assault is more serious than the other?
#1126 A guy who chooses to work permanently halfway across the world after graduation doesn't really love you and never has
#1127 Found off of Mass Ave: a black and white woven bracelet with a gold-tone cross medallion.  The bracelet also has a rectangular charm that says "blessed" on one side and "my saint my hero" on the other.  If you are missing a bracelet like this, please comment below, and I'll PM you.
#1128 Who's in Boston/Cambridge over the summer? Tag your friends! Everyone I know is gone and I want people to hang out with :)
#1129 I have a crush on this guy but he is European and I'm worried that he may leave the US in one year. What should I do?
#1130 Is Dave Bambrick single?? Asking for a friend
#1131 How many people get an A in a normal MIT class?
#1132 I have a strong dislike for people that I don't know or even that I know who comment all the time on the confessions pages. Just recognizing their names from when constantly post on all the confessions leaves a negative impression when I meet them or get to know them even if I agree with their comments.
#1133 *insert well thought out confession* 

*insert cancerous comment*

...repeat...
#1134 Every time my dog licks his private area I play the song Slob on my Knob and make him listen to in it's entirety.
#1135 I have been wondering recently - are there other HSPs (highly sensitive people) here are MIT? I definitely am a HSP but have struggled to meet any others in my time here. I'm not sure if this is because MIT is a techy school, or if I'm looking in the wrong places.
#1136 Fuck 6.042 and their shitty ass tests and their shitty ass grading system and their shitty ass table coaches and their shitty ass review sessions and their shitty ass finals that they have to fucking remove a question on because they don't even know their own fucking content. How the fuck does a class this bad even exist at MIT? Fuck their useless textbook and their useless Piazza and their useless staff. I never felt so relieved to be done with a class in my entire life. I felt like 6.042 was a piece of shit hanging out my asshole the entire semester that wouldn't break off no matter how hard I shook, and after walking out of that final it finally came loose and plummeted 5 feet into the toilet while I flushed it down harder than I ever flushed any of my bodily excrements before. 042, may you rot in sewer hell with the rest of piece of shit classes at MIT.
#1137 What's the "?????" on the MIT purity test? Afraid to ask...
#1138 Why does everyone have to scream so much during dance showcases? In-between songs, or when they're coming onstage, that's great and a lovely way to support people, but during the actual dancing, could you just shut the fuck up? It's not your karaoke hour or your personal show, and I can't hear the music over your screeching.
#1139 The prior probability to find girls at MIT giving ass and cleaning all the mess (if you know what i mean ;) ) goes to zero... WHY IS THAT?!?!
#1140 Sometimes when I see MIT housing employees carrying a bunch of heavy items / wheeling full carts (especially during move-out week), I want to offer to help them. I'm afraid of seeming rude, but I also don't want to act callous. I'm so so grateful that there are people who vacuum for me right now and it seems like the least I could do to lend a hand when I see someone struggling.
#1141 
International student here. I don't have any intention to offend anyone and I have absolutely nothing against international relationships, but I've noticed that white guys who date Asian girls usually date the ones who aren't considered very attractive by Chinese beauty standards. Do you think there's a specific reason why that's the case?
#1142 Finished with MIT. Now time for a state of trance.
#1143 I just wanna preface this by saying I don't mean to brag -- that's the whole reason I'm asking this anonymously. 

Does anybody know of any awards or opportunities that come with a 5.0 gpa? The only class I got a B in was a hard HASS class that I really just took because I felt I needed to know a bit more about the subject, like for life, not academics. I took that class as Sophomore Exploratory, so I can drop the grade, and if I do I would get a 5.0. For most things, I know the difference between a 4.8 and a 5.0 is negligible, especially because my only B is a hass class unrelated to anything I'm interested in doing later in life. If there is no advantage to having a 5.0 other than being able to boast of a pure record, I would rather take the hass credit, but if there is any advantage to a 5.0 I'm fine with taking another hass later. Does anybody know if there are any such advantages?
#1144 I'm attracted to my own sex (male, if anyone was wondering). I've known this for a while now, about seven years. I've never really known what to do about it other than hide it. In middle and high school, I feared I'd be alienated, abandoned, persecuted, or harassed. Now I'm done my first year of college and I still don't know what to do.
Life at home can be summed up in one word: "Christian." Whatever preconceived notions you may have of the faith, or of faith in general, I want to try to get across my personal experience with it and how it affects me. My siblings and I did the whole "church" thing growing up: weekly Sunday school, church with family, prayers before every meal, and the Lord's Prayer before bedtime. We all even went/are going to Christian private schools from Pre-K to 12.
For some reason, I took it upon myself to be the best Christian I could possibly be: memorizing Scripture, reciting the Ten Commandments and Fruit of the Spirit as if they were the Pledge of Allegiance, and keeping close to my heart each lesson and sermon I was taught. I don't know why it was so important to me. Looking back, it probably had less to do with my own faith and growth as a person and more to do with being the most respected child when surrounded by adults.
This happened until I was around twelve during middle school. I won't go into the details of my sexual awakening. The important part is that I felt trapped. I didn't think my parents or friends would understand. I certainly didn't want to confide in my teachers or church leaders, so I felt alone. 
As a result I spent a lot of sermons over the next few years thinking about myself and what it really meant to be a Christian. Every now and then there would be a sermon about how members of the congregation should interact with homosexuals and what the Bible says about homosexuality. But I soon learned that different pastors will often derive different conclusions to the same issue; thus, I felt even more alone. Honestly, I still don't know my own place in the faith.
Even with the friends I made, I felt like an imposter. My core group of friends, who I love to death, do not know about me. Before my senior year, I didn't think anyone would stand by me if I came out. I thought people would see me as filthy or sinful or something like that. But when I finally got it through my thick skull that they really have my back, I felt ashamed for thinking otherwise. I felt like I betrayed them somehow, that the person they've been laughing with for years is really a mannequin made for show. I don't know what telling them could do to each of our individual friendships, so I'm still doing what I've always done: hiding. It's selfish of me, I know. Maybe I'm just a coward.
One of those friends taught me just how devastating a crush could be. I don't even remember when it happened, but one day I just started seeing him as a romantic interest. Pushing back my feelings, I determined that all I'd ever be was a good friend, so I did that. I helped him with family issues, his own romance woes, academic trouble, all the while secretly pining for him. The story doesn't end well, as you probably already know. At the start of junior year, I determined that it was unhealthy for me to be around him all the time, so I distanced myself from him to try and get over my now three-year-long crush. Less than a month later, he got himself expelled and was disowned by his parents not too long after. Since then, I've seen him a handful of times, and each time I feel guilty. I feel guilty for not being a better friend and for having feelings that I felt I shouldn't have had in the first place.
Ever since then I've felt lost, like I'm searching for a new goal to aspire to or a place to call a home. I haven't found it. In my house, I just find my own corner and hope to be left alone. At church, I sit and just count the moments until service is over. And when I'm hanging out with friends, I feel like a cardboard version of myself.
And that brings me here to MIT. Now I'm in college, my first year down and I'm still hiding. I know people who state their identities proudly, and I envy them greatly. I wish that, for a moment, I could be like them. That I could be brave enough tell the world who I am without being afraid of any repercussions. That I could have enough self-certainty to tell everyone what I believe in and why. That I could walk confidently enough to not second guess my own decisions in life. 
But I'm not like those people. I'm not like most of you. I have no voice. I have no self-assurance. I have no presence. I guess I've gotten good at hiding.
#1145 I'm facing a bit of a dilemma, so I turn to you, the people of MIT Confessions, for help.

I have a friend who recently told me she was planning to become an EC (these are the people who interview high school students as part of the admissions process) with the sole purpose of telling them that MIT sucks and that they should not go here.

Do I have an obligation to do anything about this? Should I just assume it was a joke and move on? Should I inform somebody from admissions? I know I personally wouldn't have been dissuaded from coming here even if my interviewer had told me not to, but I'm an arrogant person. Also, mathematically speaking, even if she interviews 6 high schoolers, there's a less than 50% chance one gets admitted anyway (using an acceptance rate of 8%). But I would also feel terrible if some poor, impressionable student got accepted to MIT and didn't come here solely because of my friend...
#1146 How is it like to take Machine Vision? Should I take the graduate version? I have only taken 6.036.
#1147 Am I shallow for looking down at girls here who don't put any effort into their appearance? Yes, we're all busy and have psets and clubs, but I try my best to clean my face and pick a nice outfit every morning! But I'm not talking about makeup or expensive clothes - wash the dandruff out of your hair, get glasses that suit your face shape (it's a good investment!), and consider a shirt that's not from career fair. Also bras - buy a bra that fits and doesn't give you quad boob. I'm looking at you, M.
#1148 Can't believe that the school year is over already, I'm still in denial and feel like I'm about to go back to classes next week. What a whirlwind.
#1149 I have eating disorder. Stress at MIT just made it worst. It is the repetitive cycles of eating disorder and the criticisms from others drive me helpless. Eat-guilt/fear-coping-eat-guilt/fear-coping, repeats. I hope people at MIT can be more educated about eating disorder and understand how much it impacts a person's self-esteem, body health, anxiety... It's very difficult for eating disorder patients to tell others about our feelings, we dont even know why we do this to ourselves. Be a good person, a good friend, dont blame your friends and ask them why they do that to themselves, instead, give them understanding and go fucking educate yourself on eating disorders.
#1150 Just discovered the Borderline murals under building 68, can't believe I didn't discover them sooner, the animations are amazing! Props to the artists and animators who work on them, can't imagine how much time it must take!
#1151 The moment when I used normal distribution to calculate the chance that I can pass my probability class ---- No class can be more practical than that lol
#1152 Lewis Tan getting harassed by fans: Oh, he should suck it up. What does he expect from his fans with all of those pictures he posts?

Literally any other female (famous or not) online who receives attention from salty teen boys: YOU OBJECTIFYING POS <insert more tirade here>

Do I smell a double standard here?
#1153 Just saw a mouse in stata's cafeteria. Am I surprised? No.
#1154 Change my mind: Course 6-14 is the only real course 6 major.
#1155 Yo, the Athena owl actually blinks (or winks at you, take it however you want) and that's trippy
#1156 how come MIT will disband senior house for drugs but doesn't do shit when someone gets assaulted at TDC...
#1157 What are the best value seats (<~900$) at TD garden to watch the Eastern Conference finals? Will there be a problem if I sit in the balcony and support Lebron?
#1158 I feel like my girlfriend loves me a lot more than I love her and it's really stressful. She always does a lot of things for me and is always asking to cuddle, nap together, go out for food, etc., and gets sad when I can't keep up with this level of affection. I know people always say that communication is important, but how the fuck am I supposed to bring this up? "Hey, I don't want to spend as much time around you as you do with me?" I can't bring myself to want this level of affection and it's interfering with other things in my life that make me happy, but it seems unfair to ask her to be more detached.
#1159 FUCK U MIT I JUST BEAT YOUR ASS. YOU GOT NOTHING ON ME. I'M READY FOR ROUND 2, BRING IT ON!!!
#1160 I don't want to die but I don't see any point in trying if I'll just fail at everything I do.
#1161 Janice Ong is an amazing 7.05 TA. Her notes are stunning and she's just insanely smart. You da best Janice!!
#1162 To the girl with the rolly backpack... Damn 😍🔥 keep werking it
#1163 Thank you for loving me. I am sorry you can't have me, but I will always be kind to you and make you feel loved. Thank you for making me feel special and like I have something meaningful to contribute to this world. I feel so myself around you, and it'd be nice to know what could have been. Still, I'm not the one. I won't reject you for who you are ever, and I will always make you feel safe and yourself with me. I hope you get the love you give. You are worth it. Thank you again.
#1164 I heard an absolute banger of a song on a vid on pornhub last night, and I wanted to look it up and see what song it was. But my roommate walked in right before I was about to shoot my goo so I had to quickly close Chrome and hide my dome. Problem is I was watching in incognito mode and now have no way of finding the video and the fire beat that was playing during the preliminary fellatio. I've tried searching pornhub for it again, but there are just way too many results when searching "pregnant amputee in santa costume gets dicked down by horde of mongolian elves." What do I do?!?
#1165 Crushing on a straight close friend is the weirdest experience because of how short the thought loop is. 
""Damn, he's awesome. I wish there was a chance. But since there isn't, fuck him fuck that, I'll move on. Wait, I don't really mean 'fuck him fuck that.' He's such a great person regardless of the fact that we can't date. A good friend wouldn't think negatively of him because of something that's out of his control. Damn, he's awesome.
#1166 The bombers got some booties 😍😍😍
#1167 I'm 100% in favor of equality under the law regardless of gender, race, and sexual orientation but I cringe so hard at the elements of third-wave feminism which advocate for illiberal ideas like censorship (safe spaces, trigger warnings) and criminal conviction without evidence ("always believe survivors"). I wish more SJWs would respectfully engage with norms of democracy and human rights instead of painting any disagreement with their ideology as racist/sexist/etc; the political mainstream would take them more seriously if they did so.
#1168 We have the trifecta of hot Claire's. Freshman: Claire Y, sophomore: Claire O'C, senior: Claire K. Where's my hot junior Claire at?
#1169 How do you say goodbye to someone you love for the summer? I know it's not thaaaat long, but it's still so hard.
#1170 Unpopular opinion: Women aren't bad at engineering and math, men are bad at biology.
#1171 I hooked up with the girl of my dreams but I know she only did it because she felt pressured.  Now things feel different and I don't know how to get things back to the way they used to be
#1172 College is the best time to find a future wife/husband. I used to think that was straight wrong but I realize now it's incredibly true.
#1173 Turns out doing the practice tests is about as optional as passing my classes
#1174 I need better security. I feel like I'm being watched and I'm always paranoid. I've been using VPN and taking measures to stop my identity online. And this is irrational because I don't do anything illegal. I feel like I'm going crazy.
#1175 Now that 6.006 is over, I can't wait to ask my TA to hang out (;
#1176 Is it just me or is 8.282 exam fucking difficult compare to the class?
#1177 I just want to stick around an extra semester so I can see the MIT reaction to Trump getting elected again
#1178 "Suspect is a black male with a black t-shirt, he reportedly has two hands and two legs". Jee, thanks a lot!
#1179 As a moderate conservative, it's been difficult for me to understand one part of the transgender movement. I'm posting on here because I'm looking for real answers since I know that a lot of MIT students support the movement— please don't hate on me if I come off the wrong way. I promise I don't mean to say anything here on a degrading way :(

Anyways, on with the question. I'm confused about gender identity. I understand that some people may feel as if they had been born with the wrong genitals and want to change over to the other sex. However, when someone says that they have a different gender identity but don't necessarily feel the need or want to change their genitals. For example, if someone who is a male by sex at birth proclaims that he identifies as a female, then are they just stating that they like to partake in "female" activities such as putting on make up, liking "girlish" colors, and "speaking" like a girl? I guess what I'm asking is: do they find partaking in activities that are generally associated with female behavior fulfilling?

If this is the case, then why can't we just consider (sorry if this is politically incorrect) "him" a male that just likes to partake in female activities? After all, if gender is a social construct, what do people have to gain by becoming "transgender (in this sense)?" Isn't that in some ways enforcing the very gender roles that the left is trying so hard to get rid of?

TLDR; I understand the feelings of those who feel as if they have been born with the wrong sexual organs at birth. But when people talk about having a different gender identity or even having a fluid gender, what does that mean? Do they just like the social aspects of a certain "gender," even though gender is just supposed to be a social construct and gender roles in an ideal world shouldn't exist according to the left? Please don't hate on me :(
#1180 I really should've gone to a state school
#1181 I wore a vibrator on a date to a restaurant.
#1182 @My ex: Hi, hope your life is going well. Figured I should say something before you graduated.
#1183 Can someone explain to me why the fuck we don't get a dead week before finals? One day off from classes is not enough
#1184 Some people's mental conditions are worsen by the treatment. Does that mean the treatment does not "always" work for everybody? And since it does not always work, to enforce the treatment is somewhat illogical.
#1185 A serious question I cannot answer myself.
I am 27 years old, having a girlfriend for about half a year, but she never gave me a blowjob (although I did for a several times and she really enjoyed it of course).
I really want her to do that, but I don't know how to ask for it, because it's embarrassing me. I think maybe she thinks it's disgusting, cuz I don't see any other reason..
Any recommendation?
#1186 my friend is even more amazing and wholesome while inebriated!!
#1187 To the girl who was screaming "Show them what your mama gave you" for her friends at the ADT showcase, you are truly amazing. I can't believe you screamed your lungs out for these people without thinking about what other people said or did. Can I be your friend? I need people who care deeply about me to support me even if it's only one person like you :'( You said you loved your friends. Guess what? I love you.
#1188 Honestly, if it weren't for all the pain i'd be causing my friends and relatives, I would happily off myself. I don't understand why more people don't see that as a perfectly reasonable thing to do. Every waking our is torture, there is no end goal. I didn't ask for this.
#1189 Is it normal for people to only start romantically liking one of their friends or do people normally start out with the intention to date? For me being a friend is a necessary but not sufficient condition for romantically like someone. I have this friend that I really like and cute as all hell but I just don't want to ruin our friendship and would like that we stay friends than if I confessed and we got awkward. Also I've never dated anyone before and would no idea what to do
#1190 I completely fell for you this semester. That's why distancing myself from you is one of the hardest things I've ever done. As much as I wanted to, I knew this wouldn't work in the long run and I couldn't take any more emotional attachment.
#1191 I feel like my boyfriend always prioritizes his best friend over me. I feel like a third wheel around them and if his friends offers to hang out, he cancels his dates with me. Am I right to feel jealous and annoyed?
#1192 My grandparents are Syrian, Moroccan, and Iraqi jews. 
And I wish I'd marry someone whose ancestry is more convoluted than mine, so our children won't be able to answer the question, when asked, ""What are you?"
#1193 So my Dad thinks I'm a nerd. 

One time in my sophomore year of high school I was feeling guilty about the porn I used, and so I went to talk to my Dad about it for some reason. I told him that I didn't watch videos, but that I instead read sexual stories. Instead of making me feel less guilty, he said that I was a nerd for reading and not watching.
#1194 I just got out of an incredibly abusive relationship but my ex is in our friend group and no one knows. I want to share my voice and my story if possible, anonymously because he is moving on from this too and I don't need to ruin his life, but I'd love to know if my story could help other girls in this situation, because it's complicated and I could relate. Any ideas?
#1195 Anna's is better than Chipotle. Change my mind
#1196 Sororities care more about their housing "requirements" than they do about the mental health of their members. Advice: fucking disaffiliate.
#1197 Ben Gardner, you give off strong lumberjack vibes that the ladies dig ;)
#1198 I'm in love with this girl named Margaret, she's just so beautiful and kind and everything I could ask for. Problem Is, I've never talked to her
#1199 SK formal photos are really just a documentary of the life and death of a photo backdrop
#1200 I love my girlfriend so much but I don't really know how to show it
#1201 YO I SWEAR FUCCCCCK 6.042!!!!! LETS SAY 6.042 WAS GOOD. IF IT WAS GOOD I WOUDNT BE SAYING FUCK YOUR PROOFS FUCK YOUR THEOREMS FUCK ZFC IN THE ASS. FUCK 6042. QED
#1202 luck to everyone beginning finals week tomorrow. Finishing strong isn't always easy, but we all possess the tools and passion to succeed. You are all amazing. 
And to the seniors, congratulations on making it through. It is a feat we often downplay here. Enjoy the last few weeks.
#1203 I can't get you out of my head. I don't know what you have done to me. But your charm, your beauty, your intelligence and drive almost scare me. I feel like I could love you, and we could challenge each other to be better every day. But in a week, it'll all be a distant memory.
#1204 who's the cute Indian guy always walking through the infinite in Red Sox and Celtics caps? More importantly, is he single?
#1205 Can we just admire the fact that the sitting president was likely elected because a senator sexted a minor and that the same president will probably be impeached because he slept with a pornstar? Talk about a reality show.
#1206 Yanny or Laurel
#1207 I hope to be as cool as the people in 6.141 someday!
#1208 Just had my first "Have a good...life?" moment as a graduating senior. I'll miss you guys :(
#1209 my favorite hobby is pretending like I belong here
#1210 Coming to MIT, I've realized that there is a lot of anti-blackness rampant in Asian American culture.  A lot of them buy into the model minority myth.  Furthermore, they seem very eager to claim the discrimination that they experience (like with admissions rates), but will ignore racism that effects the underrepresented minorities.  Please remember that even though you are minorities, you can still be symptomatic of racist ideals and please listen (and believe) to your fellow people of color when they talk about their experiences.
#1211 Do all girls loosely say "I love you" or just the thirsty/ratchet ones?
#1212 I'm a white guy who's been wondering why a large portion of the white population can't grasp the concept of racial inequality. Maybe I'm instead questioning a human's ability to grasp logic, but it makes no sense to me how some individuals just reject factual evidence supporting the existence of such inequality. Are these people afraid of losing underlying advantages? Or is it something else? I'd love to hear any type of explanation or justification, because I'm just blown away at the level of ignorance that still exists.
#1213 I turned around really fast and accidentally slapped a girl's butt and tried to yell "sorry!" after her but idk if she heard. She got in line behind me a few minutes later and I wanted to apologize, but I felt way too awkward. To the unfortunate stranger, I'm sorry that I hit your ass.
#1214 Shout out to the guy with a foot fetish that made the posters for the Technique this year that are up all over campus.
#1215 I really love straws. Somehow everything is so much more appealing when you focus on sucking rather than just swallowing.
#1216 Here's a sad sad story about my sad sad life: I had a big presentation for a CI-M a bit ago, and the dress code was business casual. I hadn't slept the night before, and looked like absolute garbage. But, I dressed up and put on make-up to try to make myself look like a human. I was putting on eyeliner, and smudged it a little, so tried to wipe off the dark spot under my eye. It took me a couple minutes to realize the dark smudge wasn't eyeliner, it was just bags under my eyes.
#1217 I can't seem to do anything right. My grades are embarrassing. Everyone else makes getting internships so easy, but I failed every technical interview so far. It's so frustrating and discouraging. I try so hard, only to fail again. What am I doing wrong?
#1218 WE WANT MORGAN FREEMAN FOR COMMENCEMENT 2019
#1219 Why can't we see each others subject evaluation reports? The numbers people assign seem pretty arbitrary. I want to see everyone's detailed complaints.
#1220 I beat my boi in a fart contest
#1221 I'm tired of all these "I shouldn't have been hospitalized, they had no right to do this, don't seek help because you'll be sent to a mental hospital, etc". First of all, if you're sent to the hospital it's because a professional believes that you cannot keep yourself safe and whether you expressed that to them or not, professionals are trained to recognize when the situation is getting out of hand. Nobody likes going to the mental hospital; my experience was also stressful but I also didn't kill myself and that's the whole point. Spending a few days in the hospital where you can just forget about everything else and be taken care of, even if it is scary and not great or you don't want to be there, it's worth it if you come out ok. Often, it's difficult for people to have an objective understanding of how bad the situation is. It's like waiting so long before asking for help that first time because you've convinced yourself that you're ok for so long - it takes a while to get through your anger and frustration before you can come to terms with the fact that maybe you did need to be there and that professionals don't send patients away willy nilly.
#1222 My girlfriend and I fucked in a classroom on the third floor of Rogers building at the beginning of this year. We thought we got caught and started to run. When no one came in we went right back to it. #truelove #sexinclothesforplausibledeniability
#1223 you are seriously one of the most beautiful and driven people I have ever met. I feel like you have never been loved deeply enough to see that in yourself, and I wish I could give that to you.
#1224 My girl is cute but she farts too much
#1225 Dear girl wearing flannel at the tent parties, you looked like a mix of organic, fair trade cotton...and gf material ;)
#1226 I feel like a lot of people who have been involuntarily hospitalized while at MIT may have just not known the right things to say. If you're talking about suicidal thoughts, they need to actually have reasonable suspicion that you are willing and able to go through with it before they can commit you. One way to discuss this is along the lines of ""Sometimes I have suicidal ideation which is really painful and awful and I want help for it... BUT of course I would never ever actually do it, I wouldn't want to hurt my family like that, and I've never really considered how I would practically do it!!!"" Or, for psychosis, ""I often have visual and auditory hallucinations... BUT I know they're not real, they haven't gotten any worse lately, and since I know they're fake I would never listen to anything they say!!!"" (Also, never never never crack jokes about suicide or self-harm around your therapist/doctor. I know that statements like ""haha I wanna die"" are a common form of humor, and that joking can relive tension, and you may be really used to it, but you still absolutely should not do it.)

I know it's shitty that you have to attenuate all your statements like that in order to get help. But as long as you make it very very very explicit that you are not a danger to yourself or others, you reduce your risk of involuntary hospitalization vastly.
#1227 I don't care if I get F's but I cry when I get B's.
#1228 How to freeze to death at MIT during the summer: try using the course 6 lounge.
#1229 Israel attacks Palestine and as usual all the rich and privileged Palestinians and Arabs in the west are crying and complaining on Facebook. What if you actually leave your fancy lifestyle here and go defend your supposedly "holy land" there? Like actually dislocate, pick up arms, and fight? How do you live with the fact that a fraction of your taxes go to Israeli intelligence and military? The other option of course is to accept Israel, my home, and embrace its existence. K thx
#1230 ____ is a man whore, and I don't understand why multiple women would ever be into such an awful scumbag, let alone fight over his attention. He's not even good looking. Any woman who even thinks about being with that horrible man needs to re-evaluate their life. He's not worth your sadness. He's not worth a single thing. He's not worth this confession, but all the women who he has hurt are worth it. He makes a terrible name for his friends and his frat, and I honestly hope everyone just realizes what a fuck he is and removes him from their lives.
#1231 Straight guy who likes to cross-dress here. Would MIT girls be open to dating me?
#1232 I love my boyfriend. He's one of my best friends. It may sound naive, but I hope to have him in my life forever, even if we're no longer together.
#1233 I wish that for just one time you could stand inside my shoes, you'd know what a drag it is to see you
#1234 I spent the last 24 hours obsessing over you and being conflicted because of all the havoc and moral dilemmas you brought upon me at the tent parties. But then I spent some 🔥☄️💥 wholesome time with my friends at my favourite frat and it made me whole again. 

Thank you guys for helping me regain my inner peace by just being there and being your awesome selves. Love y'all and miss all the fun times from last semester, and even just crashing in the 5th floor lounge! Shoutout to the fam, you guys are lit!
#1235 When Mike "The Situation" from jersey shore DJs Rockwell cage at tent parties
#1236 Will they give me an A in 14.01 if used formal proof by contradiction on the last problem set?
#1237 I dream of a world where black people like myself can simply exist without white people feeling the need to call the cops.
#1238 All this time I thought Oliver Warbucks from the 1982 Annie movie was played by Sir Patrick Stewart.
#1239 WH, I truly did think that you were going to save me from this world of stunted, selfish men with no sense of responsibility for others. Who don't take initiative in cooking or cleaning for others, who don't share their feelings openly, who have typical algorithmic responses to everything, no intriguing thoughts, who can't accept a no, who check out other women and think its normal. From having to settle. From having to take on a nagging maternal caretaker role. From feeling unequal. From having a basic ass relationship. I really felt that, I believed it, I saw it.
#1240 A girl told me "If you didn't have a big dick I don't think I'd be talking to you" and that's honestly one of the nicest things anyone has ever said to me
#1241 Hi everyone. I am really trying to lose weight so I can be healthy. I am extremely overweight. This post is not to make anyone feel bad or question themselves or their body image or anything like that. I am just looking for recommendations on a personal trainer or someone who can help me plan out my diet. I have been working out all semester and for some reason I am gaining more weight than losing. It's gotten me really stressed because I would like to see results. Please help.
#1242 Rockwell cage party "at capacity" was so fucked I had to piss in a cup multiple times
#1243 For everyone who has a choice, I am their second choice.  This has happened so many times, with different people, I wonder if everyone in my life will simply disappoint me.  I know I'm supposed to love myself, but that still get pretty lonely.
#1244 Most people on planet earth have it way worse than you. I don't say that to invalidate your struggles, but put them into context. Too many of us are holding onto the fantasy that we are uniquely pained, exceptionally hurt, when in reality we're just being served a regular portion in life.

These problems are normal. Your life isn't a snakebite. Your conflicts have resolutions.
#1245 When I was in high school in 2014 my friend who is Polish got me into Eurovision and it's been a soul crushing experience every year in May.
#1246 why does anybody actually give a fuck about this stupid holy war between Israel and Palestine?
#1247 There's a cute guy from socal coming for RSI over the summer and imma accidentally bump into him
#1248 I don't know the name of the person I made out with earlier and I really do not care. Would not smash.
#1249 So those condoms in the (!) transparent box in the hallway of MIT Medical are always exposed to sun and heat. Are they safe, has anyone tried?
#1250 replace the great dome on brass rats with a silhouette of the tent party tents. seeing the tents bring more happiness
#1251 Hi, I'm considering applying to do a chemistry PhD at MIT. I was wondering if anyone had any tips in terms of admissions and also what life in the department is like! Are the academics supportive/good morale? Any helpful tips and personal experiences would be great! Thanks!
#1252 my boyfriend's ass is so fucking great thanks 4 squishes
#1253 I feel like MIT has so much crossover with who has dated who and who has hooked up with who and it feels like there is loads of "incest" within friend groups. Is this everyone else's experience?
#1254 What are you supposed to do if your friend starts dating someone that you're sort of friends with but don't like.
#1255 Am I the only one who don't want to talk to MIT medical because I'm so afraid of forced hospitalisation?
#1256 I feel like everyone here is either depressed or emotionally stunted. There's no in between.
#1257 Course 6s who dont use subject numbers when talking about classes are elitists. WHAT 
042? You don't get to be the default.
#1258 If I want to kill myself, I'd not let MIT know for sure. Or else I'll end up being locked up in a hospital again.
#1259 I love how MIT is running about 20 generators in Killian so that they can set up for the sustainable world party
#1260 I am so sick of keyboard feminists appropriating my minority's struggles so they can get off on feeling self-righteous. You're not being intersectional; you're trivializing my oppression, which you don't understand, and turning it into a cheap emotional high. If you want to be a good ally shut the fuck up and listen to other people. You might learn something.
#1261 I think I'm falling out of love with my boyfriend. We've been together forever and I thought we would be together forever. He's my first boyfriend and I don't know how to break up with anyone, let alone whether or not I want to. I feel bad talking about this with any of my friends, because a lot of them are also his friends.
#1262 I've been thinking that MIT should be more responsible for me being forced hospitalized. I was just stressed out of midterms and ended up one week in a hospital. After that, things got crazy. I couldn't catch up with the classes I missed. My life fucks up. They shouldn't have the right to force me to the hospital in the first place.
#1263 I just bombed an in-major midterm and got dumped. GPA matters a lot for my major. 

I honestly feel pretty suicidal whenever I fail miserably. So far I've refused to go through with it because it would cause a lot of pain to a lot of people I love, but it's honestly pretty overbearing for me. I feel like I've prioritized the wrong things in life. Even though I'm here, I'm stuck with my body and I'm stuck being mediocre at something (science) I've worked so hard for. There's also a bunch of other things like constant self-deprecating thoughts and some interpersonal relationships that really have me down in the dumps. I'm just venting right now, but these thoughts come up a lot. I don't think resorting to mental health resources is a good idea - I just don't think telling most others about this would help. I wish I had a close friend or someone who could take this input and provide meaningful output. I don't know... anyone have something to say?
#1264 So many people make jokes about being gay that I don't know if I'd figure it out if someone was for real.
#1265 Trump has a hell of a pullout game.
#1266 I know what is best for myself. I should have a happy life at MIT, go to classes, or sometimes skip them if I want to. I should be able to hang out with my friends here. Not that I should be locked down somewhere against my will. I believe this is a human right.
#1267 I know I'm leaving and nothing long term is going to come out of this, but damn I just want to fall asleep with you and see you in your stupidly cute glasses as long as I can.
#1268 as a graduating senior, i just want someone to confess their love (or even just attraction to) me, is that too much to ask??
#1269 what the fuck is up with maseeh dining and their fascination with indian chicken? It's not bad per-se, but every day its the same stuff. If you're going to be the only place open for lunch then for the love of god please don't serve the same food every damn day
#1270 My boyfriend has been ignoring me. He doesn't respond to my messages. I'm not sure how this long distance relationship is going to work. I don't know what to do anymore.
#1271 What do you do when you can't concentrate in class because of ADD, while you are already taking Adderall?
#1272 If I take another nighttime test in Walker I'm actually gonna go blind
#1273 I've been debating on and off about going to MIT Mental Health during my walk-in hours but I'm afraid to. Everytime I climb up the stairs to the 3rd floor, I just immediately bail after seeing the receptionist at the front desk. I have had friends who have had horrible experience with MIT Mental, and I also just don't want to admit that there might be something wrong with me that isn't as fixable. I used to be normal, but there are more and more days where I just wake up and feel burned out and I can't get up out of bed. I've talked to my mom about this, but she just tells me to go exercise and sleep more and that mental health issues aren't real. It doesn't help that my parents think that I'm being a huge mistake and will be a failure if I don't eventually become a doctor or a businesswoman. My mom's already planning things out for my kids, and I just feel like I'm already being relegated (Like I don't know if I even want children why are you trying to impose your vision of a perfect life on me). Honestly I want to take a gap year but I'm just afraid to tarnish the image of the perfect daughter they've pinned all their hopes and dreams on, and then they won't love me anymore. I'm also afraid of losing my friends since we're all going our separate ways after graduation, and just feel hopelessly stuck. halp. 

I guess I'm posting this confession to ask for help or encouragement or commiseration, idk, so I won't feel as alone as I do now.
#1274 "Dear 7.05,

PSet 12 was posted today and is optional.  As you know only 10 PSets count toward your grade, and if you want to turn in PSet 12 to be counted among your 10 that count toward your grade (or just want to do it), we will collect it next Wednesday [May 16th] in class and will grade it (we will also post the answer key next Wednesday).  

It is not required to do this PSet. If you already dropped 2, I would still encourage you to do PSet 12 and turn it in to count as one of the 10.  If you feel that this is a problem, please talk to me and we can make other arrangements.

Matt Vander Heiden""

""optional"" but if you dropped 2 already then it's basically required

We have a final exam in this class.
#1275 I feel so bad for the students in 042. Since they didn't release the statistics to the students, I'll mention here that the exam had a 61.5 average and 22 std dev (down from 79 avg and 14.7 std dev). I think a challenging exam is fine, but then they somehow raised the cutoff for a 5? I'm honestly so confused, but as an LA there's really not much I can do for you guys.
#1276 I have 6 final projects. Why am I still looking at cat pictures????
#1277 lol whoops committed to MIT to appease my family, as according to them it was "the best of my choices", they said if I really hate it I can transfer to my personal preferred school (they claimed they didn't want me to regret it later on) quick rant, probably not the best idea to start off the year getting ready to transfer, no? hate how parents are stuck in this idea of prestige, the name, rankings, etc.
#1278 I didn't realised I could gain weight in my face. Now I have a double chin. Fuck my life
#1279 Good mental health is a two way street. It's important for MIT to provide good mental services that acknowledge the students problems and help them solve them. MIT can't possibly check up on each student when they don't show up to class, clubs, friend activities (otherwise, we'd be suing MIT for privacy violation). Also, it's not up to MIT to solve a person's mental health problem, that's for a trained clinician to do (otherwise, we'd all be saying it's okay to have a someone who is not a physician be your primary care doctor). Applying a slippery slope argument to MIT's court case doesn't help solve this issue (i.e. #13551). Also saying that MIT shouldn't prohibit contact between sexual assault victim and accuser and arguing that closing senior haus leads to more suicide seriously makes me concerned about your logic. Blaming Reif for every suicide also doesn't help students (#13550). In fact, if we keep on hating on the administration, it only makes those who are struggling less willing to seek out help because of all the antidotal things they hear/read. The onus is also up to us students to work with Reif and be reasonable. MIT already has pretty loose policies. Honestly, not many other school has an S^3 that is as supportive as ours (if they even have one), or the fact that you can drop a class one month before finals? Can MIT do more? Yes, but continue to blame MIT for everything you don't agree on makes me more concerned about your mental state than MIT's policies. Having so much hate never leads to good outcomes... Good mental health is also on the student to recognize when he/she needs help. And yes, from first hand experience, I know that's easier said than done. But not acknowledging your problems or refusing help makes it harder for someone else recognizing it and help you. MIT is there to support us, not coddle us. MIT is hard, but we also have to be okay with who we are and find help when we don't think we can do it alone (look, we all were the top of the class in high school and now, we're in a place where everyone else was also at the top). Blindly blaming MIT for suicides is unfair. We have to have a conversation, not a shouting match. Each party (students and administration) has to acknowledge our own faults and limits.
#1280 People say I should walk because I worked so hard. Problem is the end game of your education is not the degree, it's either to get a job with that degree or get into higher education. I'll celebrate when I land one of those two things. Plus, the way I see it, commencement is nothing more than an old tradition people just hang onto because change is not exactly an easy thing to accept. Most of you guys don't even have the attention span to listen to people talk for 4 hours. Most of us, myself included, lack the attention span to listen to an hour long lecture.
#1281 Does an experienced Course 6 student (or any tech saavy person) know how to delete emails from Apple Mail but retain the messages on gmail server?
#1282 is it just me or are camp kessem people always kind of... a specific sort of person. like very nice but not the deepest......
#1283 Pro tip for all y'all doing an meng next year: start writing your thesis on day 1. Through writing my thesis I am realizing all the cool things I could have done, but it's too late now to do any of it :(
#1284 If you live in Baker and don't pee in your sink, you're weird
#1285 Why do groups on campus always try to portray the Israeli Palestinian conflict as  two equal sides??? Israel has an air force, a navy, around 4000 tanks, advanced artillery, ballistic missiles, space tech, one of strongest militaries in the world AND  is the largest recipient of foreign aid from the US. Palestine is a shit show.  Raising awareness about Palestine's condition != ''one-sided view, selected facts, lacked context and used provocative and offensive imagery"
#1286 Ok, if MIT isn't responsible for student's suicide, they should not have their right to force hospitalization on students too.
#1287 I overheard someone at the prehealth office say that someone got accepted to Harvard medical school but chose not to go there. WHY IN THE WORLD WOULD SOMEONE DO THAT??
#1288 Hey everyone so I'm doing a survey and I need your help. When y'all were growing up, did you chew on car seatbelts? (you can answer yes if you still chew on the seatbelts) Thanks and toodle-oo!
#1289 There's this really nice chi phi (hard to believe, I know) but idk if he's straight or not. Like what straight guy has outfits that good and hair so on point?? Help ya girl avoid embarrassing herself...anyone know?
#1290 Can I commit suicide for being mentally tortured by a psychiatric hospital?
#1291 Favorite/most fun class at MIT (I'm thinking 2.007 or 2.009 type classes)?
#1292 I often feel like I have no control over my life. I don't mean it in the way that things out of my control are affecting my life. I mean it in the way that I can't force myself to do the things I want to do. Unless things turn around and I actually learn the material before my math final, I'm probably going to kill myself because my life is not worth living as is.
#1293 infinite magazine–some of your photography is absolutely brilliant, some utterly questionable, but...please. design. better. that chinese font is arial-esque hideous, whoever had the idea of overlaying thin yellow font on pink, that serif font is so 2000s, and for the love of god do you even indesign, what is this leading value, what does your eic do, sigh. // that said, congrats on issue two.
#1294 Why do people concern themselves with social justice here? Isn't MIT the closest one can get to a true meritocracy? Being reduced to a number is quite beautiful - there is no ambiguity, no subjectivity. Why isn't this practiced more widely, for example in college admissions?
#1295 I really like this guy and he's so attractive and we've been hooking up but I just feel so gross next to him. I gained a lot of weight this year because of stress and a back injury in October. I have struggled with anorexia in the past and all those feelings came flooding back. A friend took a picture of us and all I can look at is the pouch on my stomach and the fat on my arms and legs. He always turns the lights off when we are together and I avoid spooning because he always touches my stomach. I don't know how to deal with it.
#1296 if MIT wants to fight in court to not be culpable for student suicide, then they better back the fuck off with forced removal from living group's, forced hospitalizations and prohibition of contact with people. Fuck this administration to hell.
#1297 Rafael Reif sucks. The minute he actually tries to fix this school's suicide problem instead of putting his face on another poster I might gain some semblance of respect for the guy.
#1298 I absolutely hate it when people say "It would be selfish of you to not have kids...you'll change your mind and want kids when you're older." No. I just told you why I don't want kids. And I'd appreciate it if you don't judge me for my choices. It's not selfish of me either. We are overpopulated. People struggle everyday to find jobs. I can dedicate my time doing things, like providing healthcare services, volunteering, researching cures for diseases, etc, etc. Instead of having children. So, no, I don't think choosing to have no children automatically makes me a selfish person. I don't go around judging you and saying you're a selfish person, bringing a child into this chaotic world. So, I'd appreciate it if you don't judge me or blow off my choice and believe I'll change my mind when I'm older.
#1299 I'm an EC alum who came back for Roast/EC Day, and I saw a poster inside Talbot, from Maseeh, expressing condolences and support. What happened?
#1300 Is eating dogs any different than eating other animals? I find it very hypocritical for people who eat meat to protest against eating dogs.
#1301 To the boy in 7.013 who sits in the second row from the front on the right side of the classroom with really curly black hair and Tom Holland vibe, hmuuu ;)
#1302 THANK YOU to the people who work to maintain the 26-110 lounge, it's amazing, you're amazing, I love you!
#1303 It breaks my heart that I will probably never see you again. I think you saw how sad it made me. What breaks my heart even more is that I didn't see it making you any sad.
#1304 My friend met a guy but she needs to realize that she's honestly way out of his league
#1305 please bring back dildo.io
#1306 I'm from the south and grew up eating southern food, exploring on my cousin's farm, trapshooting, and listening to country music, and I wish that I knew people here who can relate. Is anyone down to listen to Luke Bryan and Jason Aldean with me?
#1307 Course 6 classes are the worst classes at MIT. Teachers are unreasonable, rude, and uncaring. It's amazing that we pay them to make us miserable. Even teachers that are nice are still majorly unreasonable with assignments/tests and make their students' lives living hell. I care about learning and about mastering material, and when even mastering the course material isn't enough to do well in the class the class is screwed up.
#1308 I get that it's fun and pretty to take your senior ball pictures in Killian and bring some beer or wine or champagne or whatever you want to drink. But CLEAN UP AFTER YOURSELF. The grass is littered with solo cups and empty Natty cans and it's terrible. Like you just spent 4 years here how about you care a little more
#1309 My boyfriend and I have been living together and I always tell him to look for something in the wrong place so he insists we are out of it. Then, when I "find" it,  I can get angry with him. I don't expect him to figure this out any time soon.
#1310 Bitch that commented on my spilled drink in the hallway of 56 I HEARD EVERY SINGLE WORD U SAID. It's not "good riddance" or "stinky" it was a pricey bottle of NICE kombucha. I admit it's an acquired taste but come onnn did you have to add insult to injury while I'm doing my duty as a citizen and cleaning that shit up??? I hope u and whoever you were walking with feel sorry and guilty about it because I sure didn't forget and I still have a grudge.
#1311 I matched with this cute girl on Tinder...did a double take and realized it was my male TA...like. what.
#1312 Hey I'm pretty sure I passed jaden smith walking into stata the other day, and I think he was playing at the Middle East on 5/3........anyone else? Maybe I'm crazy
#1313 A hijabi feminist Hahahahahah. Please tell me how being covered head to toe in this weather is liberating? Please tell me how the hijab isn't literally worn to keep men from getting erections everytime they see your unparralleled beauty? Aka the very antithesis of feminism?
See, you only see this ""wearing the hijab is a feminist statement"" BS rhetoric in privileged liberal secular western nations. You don't see this in countries where actual shariaa law is applied.
If you had any feminism in you, you'd be burning your hijab in solidarity with your sisters in Iran and other Middle Eastern countries. Black polyester in the heat of the sahara desert LOL. Liberating my ass. - sincerely,  a fellow MUSLIM Persian girl
#1314 I've been using my roommate's toothpaste for the last month. I hope she doesn't notice.
#1315 Why are the 6.006 teachers being so less generous on this test? Last test 3% more got an A and another 3% more got a B. You really wanted 6% more people in the class to get a C?? rude
#1316 Being well-endowed is nowhere near as fun as I hoped it would be.

For example, A girl recently convinced me to let her try giving me a blowjob. It turned out that ""having no gag reflex"" is useless when you can't stop bumping into her teeth, and now I've got a broken blood vessel in the LEAST COMFORTABLE PLACE POSSIBLE.
#1317 spending 5 hours debugging my 6.002 board has made me reconsider doing EE,  but thanks to the TAs for saving my ass
#1318 Who tf caused fire alarm at 3 am in MacG?
#1319 My girlfriend is pretty bad at blowjobs, but she tries her best and that's all I can really ask for
#1320 I hate it when it's date night on Friday and after dinner, your boyfriend passes out because he's tired, but the main reason you go to his room is to have sex, not sleep.
#1321 Is there racism at MIT?
#1322 My roomate just sexiled me... so he could jack off
#1323 Best restrooms on campus for some quick sex?
#1324 You know who the real sellouts are? ROTC kids. They sell their body and four years (minimum) of their life for an MIT degree
#1325 I broke up with my bf. Long distance was killing me but i should have tried harder and been more understanding. He was freaking perfect. Made everyone around him happy. confident but soo innocent. I can't wait to graduate and apologize for hurting him. i want the magical old days back where it's just me, him, california weather, and love <3
#1326 When it comes time for subject evaluations, is "I was literally contemplating suicide over this class" reasonable feedback?
#1327 Can someone on the Softball team tell the announcer to shut the fuck up. You don't need an announcer to play baseball or softball, and I don't need to be woken up by that old guy's voice vibrating through my walls.
#1328 The TA for 5.371 is so hot that I keep thinking about you all day long.
#1329 Half a year after i got out of the mental hospital. Still have a nightmare of that time.
#1330 LMAO at all these women complaining about yellow fever in their little feminist circles. It's getting so incredibly ridiculous now that there's even an article about it in the New York Times. The god damn New York Times. I mean really?  You won't change their racial preference anyway. The only thing you will change is that people will hide it better and be more subtle about it. That will make it only harder for clueless Asian girls to identify those guys with yellow fever. Ever thought about that?  Oh, and one more thing:  I totally understand if you don't want to be fetishized, but don't try to change their dating preferences. Just avoid dating these type of guys or avoid non-Asian guys in general, but don't take up space in a wolrd-renowned newspaper that would be far better suited for important political and economic issues.
#1331 Unpopular opinion: Parenthood is a privilege, and some don't deserve it. I believe potential parents should get tested and certified, before being allowed to sire kids.

As someone who have been raised in the shade of an abusive and violent parent, I'd say a psychological test and a criminal background check is the *bare* minimum. 
And yet I wonder if, should tests like these really exist, the potential parents' social-economic status should be taken into account.
I really don't know. It may be patronizing, but raising a child is rather... an unprofitable venture. And yet, it seems as if some people do it offhandedly.
It bothers me from time to time.
#1332 This weather makes me want to kill myself
#1333 Sharing the dining hall for lunch with all these middle schoolers is getting really old. We're pretty short on seating during peak times as it is. Plus they're too big to be at all cute.
#1334 How do some people manage to dress and look nice every day when it's hard for me to even find time to shower
#1335 Tbh most SJWs just like being recreationally offended
#1336 We only have a few weeks left together but I can't get myself to express my true feelings for you. What we have right now is special and I don't want to ruin it if you don't feel the same way.
#1337 Why the FUCK did they take the adirondack chairs out of the MIT medical building? They were awesome and the only place to sit in there. Fuck man.
#1338 as nice as this weather is, I hate because I'm feeling manic again
#1339 I'm honestly scared of the future when our generation is the one making decisions......
#1340 Why is 18.06 like this?? We can't even get clear answers about what we'll be tested on???? And when will we finally go over SVDs???? Why are we trying so hard to ignore the definition of singular values??? 
????
?????
Am I gonna pass?????
Stay tuned :'(
#1341 I hate it here. Everyday I wish I wasn't hungover for my Harvard interview, and I didn't screw myself into 4 years of hell. All of us here are just going to work until we graduate then continue to work then ultimately die realizing that we lived our entire lives grinding so hard that we never had any fun.
#1342 One of my male co-workers told my female co-worker, who just came back from maternity leave, if she needs time to pump her boobs, he'll gladly cover for her because he knows how bad boobs can hurt when they are engorged with milk. We need more men who are aware of how hard reproduction is on females even after birth, it is still hard on us.
#1343 I do not have a good relationship with my parents. When I was little, my parents were the stereotypical Asian parents, treated me like I was never good enough and kept comparing me to others. I learned at 21 I had an diagnosed learning disability so my performance when I was younger was due to circumstances beyond my control and it could have been better controlled had they been better parents. As a result, now I snap at my parents very easily and do not like talking to them much. Wasn't until recently that I started to forgive them and trained myself to stop snapping at them.
#1344 Jaywalkers don't have right of way. Change my mind.
#1345 Thanos is a fucking beautiful character and Infinity War was a goddamn masterpiece
#1346 To the cute asian girl sitting near me during the 006 exam - pretty sure staring at you shaved 15 min off my exam time .-. Would have been worth it if I got your name or even said hi but now I'm left wondering if I'll even ever see you again
#1347 The most awkward thing is when you are at S^3, and you see someone you know also waiting.
#1348  Best CIH to take during fall that has a good grading curve?
#1349 There was a question on my philosophy quiz that asks me to identify the author of the quote. I didn't do the readings so I picked the name I'm meeting st familiar with. I ended up circling Kanye West as my answer.
#1350 That awkward moment when you're walking down the street and you see your TA climbing a tree shirtless
#1351 I swear to god if my 8.02 TA asks me "Do you know what's going on???" one more time I will drop the class and pay the late drop fee without remorse.
#1352 I love how people think they are cool cause they code during other class lectures. Sick bro you're doing 6.009 in a math class! Thanks for ripping a 45 a feeding the cutoff
#1353 The "worried about someone" phone number shouldnt exist in the first place. My friend called that number cuz he was worried about me. The police showed up and I ended up in a mental hospital. I hope MIT could do more about mental health than this.
#1354 I'd like to believe that illegal immigrants are great people but it's hard to when undocumented Hispanics keep stealing packages off your doorstep...(for reference, the gates were locked and it was a brand new tv for Christmas and yes I'm still salty about it)
#1355 As much shit that MIT throws at you, at least it doesn't give you active shooter drills during finals. -- A disgruntled RPI student.
#1356 I never understood how privileged I was until I got here...aka mit dorms suck 🙃
#1357 It hurts me when people make rude comments about dogs. I have a dog who is not *yet* a service dog, but when he is, I will need him to help me with my invisible medical condition. Already, I've received rude comments just walking on the sidewalk with him. What's the point of being this rude and ignorant? Why spew hate over something that most likely doesn't affect you (hypo-allergenic, well behaved, quiet, not taking up much space)?  All the news with the service animals on airplanes is making things worse because it's giving people the feeling that it's okay to discredit people with mental health problems saying "they're pretending." When did everyone lose their ability to empathize?
#1358 Last fall, this girl I know got transported, and when the police asked her what season it was, she straight up said "its midterm season"
#1359 i have a urop this summer but they dont pay enough for housing and eating ): what do i do
#1360 Why do a capella groups here have the weirdest concert names? Can't it just be [insert group here] 2018 spring concert?
#1361 Unpopular opinion: MIT should have GIR classes on racism, sexism, and government and economic systems. So you all start understanding how systemic inequality actually works, and have some empathy about your fellow humans. And maybe change the world.
#1362 Committed to MIT, but concerned that my life span has been shortened by 10 years.
#1363 TFW you go to the best research uni in the world... :)
#1364 I always see this kid riding and dancing on his tiny skateboard..i dont know why but i really just want to push him off...
#1365 You guys seriously need to dress nicer, shower, and use deodorant! Men, I'm talking to you! Stop going through life with the mindset that dressing nice lowers your IQ.
#1366  Pretty sure I am gay, but not sure how to break the news to myself...
#1367 Every time I look at my fam line I'm like ???? why did you choose me as your littlest ya'll are literally the most perfect people ever and I'm a lumpy dumb potato
#1368 I really dislike how opaque Copytech's pricing system for printing is. If I want to print a big poster I have to find the price-per-square-foot elsewhere on the website, remember what types of paper it applied to, hope that in my order I specified the right one (because prices aren't listed anywhere on the ordering page), and then even when I get the "receipt" it doesn't have a total price. I don't know for sure how much I agreed to pay until I walk into the copytech office and hand them my credit card. Has anyone found a better way to deal with this?
#1369 I love walking into breakfast at 7:30 in the morning like a normal, well adjusted human, when I'm reality I just haven't gone to sleep for the night yet
#1370 Freshman year has not made it any easier for me to decide what I want to major in. I've just done shitty in my GIRs and I have almost nothing to show for any of it. Before college, I felt so passionate about everything I was learning, and now I just feel completely apathetic. Day-to-day, my head just feels foggy and empty, like I've forgotten how to think for myself or let my imagination run free like it used to. I went back home for spring break, and I felt like I lost the ability to just sit and think without diving back into the internet. I don't know if it's a health issue or if I'm just stressed and anxious. Does anyone else feel like this? I just want to know I'm not alone here.
#1371 gotta love seeing a white guy in the stud eating indian food with chopsticks... it's like a multicultural fiesta
#1372 The meanest thing you can say to a girl isn't calling her a bitch or a slut. It's telling her "I hope you get periods and cramps everyday nonstop for the rest of your life."
#1373 INFINITY WAR FUCKED ME UP BUT THANK GOD FOR BRASS RATS BECAUSE MY FAKE ASS FRIENDS DIDN'T EVEN GET SHOOK AT THE MOVIE BUT I SAW THAT THE GUY SITTING ON THE OTHER SIDE OF ME AT THE THEATER HAD A BRASS RAT ON AND WAS EQUALLY WORKED UP AND WE REALLY BONDED
#1374 I've defended frats to friends, incoming students, girls worrying whether parties are safe, ... throughout my years here, and invested enormous amounts of energy in my house. An interaction with another house this weekend forced me to realize I was wrong: the system is not to be trusted. Be very wary of the organizations you choose to visit or be a part of, and how they support creepy behavior, misogyny or hazing. If you're a part of one and you think you're doing the right thing: speak only to yourself - just because you put your shoulders under what's right, doesn't mean other organizations will follow suit, and unfortunately, our ships inevitably all sail under the same flag.
#1375 I dated my bf for 3 years, but we broke up last summer. We never stopped hanging out since then, anyway. My mom came from our hometown to visit me and our parents met this weekend. He says all the time that he loves me and wants to marry me, but doesn't want a relationship right now. I don't know what to think about the situation. What should I do?
#1376 I was on Maseeh 4 the other day and realized that Madelyn Focaracci is really cute
#1377 I just put soap on my tooth-brush
...
...
you know, those soap dispensers in Simmons bathrooms
...
...
this is the second time it's happened
...
...
so my question is: are they magnetic or something?
#1378 Unpopular opinion: people should stop blaming their own incompetence on stuff that happened to their ancestors decades plus ago ty
#1379 Tfw someone from a second rate college tries to school you lmao "dw I'll hire you once I graduate and own a business" like nah no thanks
#1380 I guess APhi still thinks it's ok to discriminate against crossdressers at their events
#1381 Unpopular opinion: fraternities should have more consistent themes. We already have this to some extent (e.g. frats that are nerdy, and ones that are more fratty, etc), but I think like for example there should be a cowboy frat, where everyone dresses up like a cowboy and goes cow tipping together and stuff like that. There could also be an emo/scene fraternity, a poetry fraternity where everyone only speaks in rhyming verse all the time, and a Mario fraternity where everyone dresses up like Mario and their formal dates all have to dress up like Luigi. These are only a few suggestions but the possibilities are really endless, and I think a system like this would make MIT and the world in general a better place. Thoughts?
#1382 The political spectrum these days is like some wacko log scale. To my friend at the center I might as well wear a checkered bandana and shades and light a car on fire at Berkeley; to my friend at the far, far left I might as well wear a red shirt and blue suspenders while driving a gun-powered wagon in the heart of Alabama while chewing a piece of straw.
#1383 This kid gave me an STD. Can I sue him or should I just spread the damn thing around campus? Or both?
#1384 I'm sorry little one
#1385 If I combine my steroids with some cocaine, can I be an Avenger?
#1386 Today I saw a bird get the worm (to be honest I think he got like two or three from that puddle) and I imagined how lucky he must feel and how proud that he'll be bringing all this food to his babies, and that made me very happy
#1387 I keep seeing these two guys around campus singing about a tambourine man and they're pretty attractive
#1388 i think my ex is a shit person, but he's one of those people that thinks so highly of himself he can do no wrong. i hope he meets someone who slaps some sense into him
#1389 Nothing is more pathetic than the Wellesley girls who jump from frat to frat until they snatch up one of of our leftovers and act like they struck gold. Yes, that mediocre guy you're dating was single for a reason.
#1390 Half of me wants to find a relationship, but half of me thinks I should figure out my sexual orientation first.
#1391 I just want to find a guy who is down to drink my pee.
#1392 I am disappointed in the members of the class of 2020 who were walking around the movie theater after seeing  Infinity War talking about spoilers, knowing good and well there were people who were literally waiting in line or going to their theater to watch it.
#1393 I never get contacted on dating apps. I wish guys would stop talking about how easy girls have it. The girls you're attracted to might have it easy, but there are plenty of girls that don't. Stop pretending we don't exist :-(
#1394 If gaining mathematical maturity is equivalent to procrastinating my problem sets until the night'/morning before they are due, then sure, I guess you could say I've gained mathematical maturity.
#1395 Sometimes I wish MIT would do more to help students than to just send them involuntarily to an institution when they are having mental issues. They took my friend for two weeks and I feel like the added stress has contributed to his drinking problem. I don't know how to help him.
#1396 why the fuck are course 20 classes literally half-assed, incomplete, bullshit?? why is it that we have had not one, not two, but MULTIPLE classes where the only way you can complete anything is if you go to office hours and get the scoop from the instructors (god bless Julie, Maxine, Noreen, 320 TAs...) Is it really that hard to put constants or basic instructions on an assignment? I'm tired of getting shit done at 2 in the morning because the the TAs/instructors told one random person that 'this is the answer just because'. What the fuck even is that?
#1397 I've had such bad romantic experiences :/ Ok, to be fair, I've only had three, but all were pretty bad. In all cases, I've had this thing where I don't expect the other person to like me back for whatever reason, even though we're literally on a date. Worse yet, when they go badly they fuck me up for a while thereafter. It sucks so much.
#1398 I just want to find a girl who is down to drink my pee.
#1399 Pretty sure my roommate is gay, but he has a girlfriend. Not sure how to break the news to her...
#1400 My friend keeps offering to administer rectal exams on me because he thinks he's medically qualified but it kind of makes me uncomfortable.
#1401 if you figure out how to successfully do the egg task in 2.007 and tell me, i will literally pay your tuition for u and also give u a blowjob thank u in advance
#1402 Oh man. Maybe it's the drugs and sleep deprivation talking but I never thought I could fall for someone so hard. Can't take my mind off her, but every time we hang out I just have a good time and forget about all this romantic attraction. I've always thought that romance was a waste of time and tbh it really is because it's 4am and I have a midterm in 8 hours I haven't started studying for but I'm just sitting here thinking about her. Man I wish my brain wasn't so dumb.
#1403 Pretty sure my boyfriend is gay, but I'm not sure what to do about it...
#1404 Honestly, the thought of seeing Avengers: Infinity War this weekend is the only thing getting me through the week.
#1405 We all just gonna ignore how A Quiet Place is basically Metalhead from Black Mirror season 4?
#1406 MIT dorm mailing lists be like "Snickers for sale only took 2 bites. I bought it for $1 so going for $0.90 seems fair". No it doesn't don't be cheap yo
#1407 you know what's really hot? when a girl farts
#1408 These physics exams are perfect examples of why people get so stressed out and concerned for their academic success.  If a fundamental sophomore physics course has a 45 test average, how are people expected to display any mastery of the material for an absolutely unrealistically difficult exam?  And if you post a distribution the day of the exam where the average is a 45, you better expect that people will be pretty fucking anxious about seeing their grades.  When you wait 5 days without any updates on grading, people are going to be pretty spooked and will consider dropping the course.  Most of us aren't the pure math kids who took the advanced version of this class in 6th grade and sail by with a 97 average.  We're trying to learn physics but are too busy getting dicked on by these horrific exams.
#1409 Pro-tip for those who have yellow fever:
If you are dating an asian girl and she takes you to one of her asian friends party, put a mark with a sharpie on her arm so that you know which one is your date.
#1410 How to tell my friends that I am having sudden impulses to suicide.. If they don't take it seriously it will make my impulses even stronger, but I also don't really want their attention and care.... I am like having constant war with myself deciding to tell my friends and caution them so I will be safe, or just give in to my impulses which actually calms me down
#1411 I always get so triggered when the Chinese women shove brochures in my face before I cross Mass Ave in the morning.  Stop trying to spread that bullshit. #stoptargetingasianstudentspls
#1412 Even though I know white people aren't natives in America - I get a similar ""get out of my country"" feeling (like when they complain about immigrants) when I see them moving to my home country, stereotyping my people, and refusing to interact with them while they live in their own white people bubble.

Me da coraje.
#1413 My roommate is my least favorite person I've met at MIT. She's been the worst part of freshman year and I can't wait to move out.
#1414 Yo sophmores post your Ring delivery pics already so I can tag myself & save the photos
#1415 It's actually staggering how much collective time is sunk into confessions. Look at all these posts! People wrote them. Look at all the comments! People wrote them too! Aaaaaah!
#1416 I came to MIT to find a place to die. Why? I don't know. I wanted to find a place where no one really knew, so if I died, I wouldn't matter. I still haven't but I waver between accepting this amazing place, and dragging myself to the chopping block. What do you think? Do I finish what I started?
#1417 Sometimes I wonder if I would be happier if I went to a normal college instead of MIT. Sure, the resources here are top-tier and everything, and the people here are the smartest in the world. But this is the problem. In my high school, I can satisfy myself everyday indulging on the mere thought that I am the smartest person in the school. I can treat people like lesser beings without feeling remorse and take pleasure in the process. If I chose a less well-known college, I may even have a chance to find someone to date, yet everyone here seems far beyond my league. Is it really a good idea to put all the smart people in the same school?
#1418 I really hate bad closures. I often spend a day hanging out with someone and I enjoy basically the entirety of the experience. However, I will say/do something stupid just before we part. Then, without a chance to clarify what I said/did to the other person, I end up being tormented by self-consciousness for the rest of the day. Weekends are worse, since it would be several days before I can see that person again and make sure they are not mad at me. I'm pretty sure they don't even remember the "act of embarrassment" I committed, but it still torments me to think about it.
#1419 You know how some guys do the hug where they kinda put their hips into it, you know? It low-key makes me uncomfortable, like please keep your genitals over there, thank you
#1420 I developed a crush on someone about a year ago around this time. The timing was bad, I didn't handle it very well, and it didn't work out. I am dating someone else now, but I can't stop thinking about her. Maybe it's from regret, maybe it's cause I never really got over her, but what I do know for sure is that I need to find a way to get her off my mind. Any advice?
#1421 You make me feel like I'm a superstar.
#1422 My kink is not being depressed.
#1423 I'm a freshman. I feel like I only have 2 real friends in my class and they're often busy so I just feel alone all the time. Everyone else I'm even slightly close with is a senior and they're all such amazing people and always make me feel included and happy. I really don't know what I did to deserve them....I just know that when they're gone I'll really be alone and I don't know how I'm going to handle that.
#1424 I've tried everything I can to be happy, but I'm just falling deeper into my own despair. I feel like I'm losing my mind, that I'm completely disconnected from the people around me, from my friends. I've spent the last few nights having breakdowns and crying myself to sleep because the loneliness is just getting too unbearable. I open up messenger wanting to message someone but my mind goes blank with nothing to talk about, or full of anxiety that I'm going to say something stupid. It seems like everyone is busy with their own work, or busy with people who actually have interesting lives. I instead blurt out off-handed remarks, make things awkward and just generally make myself look like a shitty person. I never feel like I can get close enough to people for them to actually give two shits about me—I could disappear and nothing would change. I don't know if it's just me; that I am in some way unwanted or undesirable. I either feel like a burden or an afterthought, cuz I have yet to find someone who actually appreciates my presence and isn't simply apathetic to it. I can't get anything done because I'm always so burnt out—not because of the work, but because of the complete lack of emotional support. I hate how I can solve any of my other problems but not ones involving my emotions, especially since this feels the only thing holding me back from living a normal life. I've been seeing someone at medical for a while now, but they simply can't medicate or talk away external factors. It is this very loneliness that pushed me to attempt a few times in the past, and I feel like I'm slipping now: I've been getting random thoughts about what might happen if I'm gone and I've only seen people feel guilt over not giving me enough attention, but where are these people now? I'm sick and tired of being told that I'm ""just looking for attention"" by people who have never been ignored in their life. Of course, I don't want to end it all; I know there are many things in life to live for. I just want this pain to end. 

Help.
#1425 I never feel more betrayed than when my phone connects to MIT Guest instead of MIT Secure.
#1426 I want to ask you out for senior ball and I've seen you've dropped some hints as well. But the words just don't come out of my mouth when I'm near you
#1427 I hope you saw me looking bomb af at ring deliveryI hope you saw me looking bomb af at ring delivery
#1428 My biggest pet peeve is when my roommates watch Instagram/YouTube videos on their phones without headphones, but turn the volume (to what they think is) just low enough. Dude, if you're not trying to disturb anyone, put in headphones. You're not fooling anyone.
#1429 CPW made me think about all that has changed since I was a freshman; we used to trudge through mud across Kresge Oval before the path was paved; we had to memorize the five-digit Athena cluster code to print anything; certificates were good enough, no need for Duo authentication; and 26-100 had decades of history etched into its desks. The little ones will never know
#1430 I woke up in the middle of the night because of nightmare about mental hospital again.
#1431 I really appreciate the people that are competent and intelligent when it comes to their work and academic stuff but who also know how to chill and laugh at stupid immature jokes. They make it easier to both love this place and deal with the stress
#1432 I saw a hot asian girl at the phi delts cpw party last Saturday with the largest, sexiest eyes I've ever seen. Passed her again in the infinite yesterday looking super cute in sweats and glasses. I don't know your name, but you're beautiful. Wish I had approached you to say hi. 

Guys, get girls who can do both.
#1433 I feel depressed all the time
#1434 Before I ask this question, I want to make it clear that I'm not trying to attack or defend any side's opinion -- I'm just curious about what people are thinking and how people are thinking. I apologize if this somehow comes off as offensive (but I can also see the comments section becoming a frenzy either way).

At the moment, I imagine that most, if not a lot, of people find that a person's sexuality very important when it comes to finding a suitable partner to have sexual/emotio nal relations with. I think that, for the most part, it would make sense for a person currently undergoing a sexual transition to eventually disclose to the other party (who may or may not be accepting of a gender transition) that they are in fact transgender. 

If in the near future we were able to undergo gender reassignment surgery so perfect that one wouldn't be able to tell a female born at birth vs. male born at birth -> transitioned into a female, then would it/should it be something to be disclosed to others?
#1435 I'm a white male, and my girlfriend is half-Asian, half-white. My goal is to have my children marry someone 50% more Asian than them and so on forever, so that infinitely many generations from now I will be a white man with fully Asian grandchildren.
#1436 Find yourself a girl who's a rinsta in the streets and a finsta in the sheets ;)
#1437 I just want to lay down the dating game for guys and girls. Guys, if you like a girl, tell her so you can know early on if there is any chance. Being a wimp and doing nice things expecting to woo her only to find out she doesn't like you is your fault. Could have saved a lot of time and effort if you had the confidence to tell her sooner. Girls, you're not entitled to being treated like a princess. If you date an asshole, you should have seen clear cut signs early on he has no intention of changing for you, but you ignored it. That's on you, not the guy. Bottom line for both scenarios is you cannot force someone to do something they don't want to do. Love is a two way street. If the person doesn't feel the same way, get over it and move on. The longer you remain attached, the worse it gets.
#1438 Literally ALL the brown girls here have a crush on this random dude named Rahul like just why but also is he even single??
#1439 Not gonna lie, that one 7.05 exam question that was written in all caps for all its parts had me feeling like the test was yelling at me
#1440 When I do partner projects or group projects, I noticed that guys in my group tend to do most of the work. As a female, it's easier for me to get out of the work. Does anyone else—girls or guys—also have this experience?
#1441 To the girl in the MIT-Spain pre-departure info session wearing a burton 3rd shirt, are you single?  Because holy fuck you're gorgeous
#1442 Marvel vs Capcom 2 is the best team fighter of all time and DBZ Fighter is a low iq auto combo snooze fest that is only carried by people who dont play fighting games wanting to do epic blue penis beam with Son Goko. If you disagree poop on my face
#1443 Football (soccer) died today. Fuck Real, fuck the ref. I feel so sorry for Buffon ;(
#1444 Be brave. Protest during commencement instead of bitching online.
#1445 18.06 confession... I actually kind of like Julia.
#1446 I don't believe in God but I hate him, because I'd rather do that than hate my mom. My mom is awesome, but religion made her make some bad choices. I look back now and I've forgiven her for her mistakes, but the fact is I'm still too scared to talk to her. I know religion can bring people together, but it can also drive them apart, like with me. The one relationship I've always wanted I can't have because of some old-ass book. Fuck you Jesus.
#1447 The problem with dating someone who really loves you is when you really screw up, you expect them to go off on you, but they brush it off as something trivial and you feel guilty like you deserve worse. Likewise, if they piss you off, right before you open your mouth and list all the things they screwed up on, they tell you how sorry they are and you have no idea what to do with the anger you built up.
#1448 I've seen a lot of too drunk to consent stuff here. So what if two really drunk people have sex? They raped each other seems like a dumb answer. If neither of them are responsible, it seems I should get super drunk as a safe guard but that also seems dumb. I'm bad at telling how drunk people are if I don't know them well and I have a lot of one night stands. Please do not respond 'don't have one night stands' as that is a separate issue.
#1449 Sometimes I feel really lonely here at MIT. Classes are hard and extracurricular are stressful. I love my friends and enjoy spending time with them, but sometimes wonder how close we really are and if they really like me, or if we're just pset buddies or friends on the surface. I feel like I know a decent number of people, but don't know how many I'm really that close with. It's sad to me that I'm having a hard time finding groups to hang out or go to events with, and feel slightly left out a lot. All I really want is to feel happy and included here while pursuing my goals.
#1450 Is it bad if I'm crushing on a boy who's already taken :/?
#1451 I am a sapiosexual, meaning I am attracted to someone who is smart, so if I hear you graduated cum laude or better, it makes me want to cum.
#1452 Help: I lost my left shoe at Article 2 and I don't know anyone on 4th west. It is a size 12 black Nike. If anyone sees it, can you please reply? Thanks
#1453 As a man, I understand that girls have it 1000x worse than us, and I feel guilty for even feeling this way, or thiinking this, but I sometimes get jealous of some of the priveleges girls have in society. Such as the ability to express emotions other than happiness and anger without being viewed and treated as some type of bitch, or worthless or weak male (by both men and women). Has any other dude ever felt this way?
#1454 I have a long beard, and I really want to do something creative with it. So I got this idea while I was high, I would really love it if I could grow plants in my beard. Like flowers and weed and shit like that. It will be so fucking awesome if I could just pick a marijuana leaf and roll a joint with it that grew in my own beard. Are there any genius botanists out there that have the know how to make my beard into a freaking garden? I would pay some good $ to show it off.
#1455 You know how they tell you not to do work in your room, because if you associate your room with sleep, then you'll be sleepy whenever you're in there? I took that to heart, and only do my work on campus, but sometimes when I really need a nap I sleep in the 66 cluster. Today, I went to the cluster to print something, and immediately felt sleepy...
#1456 After grading problem sets this semester, I have way more sympathy for referees of academic journals (esp. math journals).  Come on people, have pity on your poor TAs (and future referees), and learn to write!
#1457 When a class flatly rejects your S^3 note for a pset extension... what's the point anymore
#1458 Ok seriously, what are people doing when its not the 2 days before the pset is due? Every time I ask if someone's started the pset, its always no until the last day or two, as if they are SO busy they cant start it earlier.
#1459 I'm a pre-frosh and reading this page daily has made me begin to doubt my decision to commit to MIT....
#1460 When my boyfriend told me he liked me, I didn't know what to say because I just got out of a relationship and we were in different states at the time. However, we got to know each other well by texting each other and he told me he liked me. I ignored his texts for a month and during that time because I was super busy and he knew how busy I was and part of me wanted to see if he truly cared about me so I ignored him for a month. During that time he kept sending me funny stories and jokes to make me laugh and I did tell him at one point his texts make me laugh as well as texts to help get me through everything and said if he's texting too much or if I don't feel the same way, just say it and he would stop texting me so much and/or pushing his feelings on me. I never responded so he kept showing me how much he cared for me so I decided to date him despite the relationship being long distance.
#1461 I wish i had a long cock. Why are girls at MIT so picky?
#1462 The only reason I haven't broken up with my girlfriend is that she told me she would kill herself if it happened. 

I feel trapped.
#1463 Help I have 3 roommates and they started something called lay up with your boi. I try to run but I secretly like it. Once I woke up to the sound of my roommate cuddling me. I live in Baker. Please save me.
#1464 I'm terrified of losing my student insurance -- i've been receiving mental health treatment without my parents knowing but I'm gonna be living at home for the summer. How am I gonna take meds without them knowing? How am I going to go to therapy? Have other people gone through this?
#1465 I don't want to attend my graduation this June and I finally understand why. It's because I'm not happy. I don't mean I'm depressed, I just haven't found happiness, yet so I have no reason to stop and smell the roses. This does not mean attending graduation will make me happy. People aren't happy because they stop the smell the roses, they stop to smell the roses because they're happy. So until I've found something to be happy for, I have no intention of attending graduation or doing anything that yields serves no objective purpose.
#1466 saw this the other day and wanted to share:

"Self care isn't always pretty. It's not always candles and a bathtub full of roses; sometimes it's forcing yourself to get out of bed and dragging yourself outside, sometimes it's the pep talk you give to yourself or the quick cry in the corner. Sometimes it is convincing yourself to do all these things you should be doing when you have no will whatsoever. Sometimes it's cutting some ties no matter how precious they used to be. Sometimes it's the bitter medicine you need to give yourself.

Self care isn't always pretty but it's so worth it."
#1467 No wonder MIT got Sheryl Sandberg. Both loves to misuse the data it collects to oppress and manipulate its ppl. #sportdeath
#1468 Met a dude wearing an MIT shirt at the gym back home. I spent twenty minutes positioning myself in front of him so that he would see my own MIT shirt. Turns out, he didn't go to MIT.
#1469 Ty Dolla Sign? Really? MIT is great at getting the 3rd string quarterbacks of music artists to perform at Springfest.
#1470 I really don't understand why half the confessions here are about mental health, insurance and boring and geeky school shit.
Get talking about sex, breakup, revenge and fetishes.
Get your ass out of your books and have fun on the weekend.
#1471 Is it too late for me to move to another living group? I'm a 2020 and feel like I should make new friends but also don't want to leave my current living group behind.
#1472 To the bunny ear girl that I hooked up with yesterday:
You must be a pornstar. Damn you're good.
#1473 Is there an anti-communist group at MIT? Many members of my family were killed during Soviet pogroms in Europe before those of us lucky enough to survive could emigrate to the US. I see a lot of so-called communists and socialists around the US and even at MIT. I even heard there was a communist book store near Harvard. Should I just assume that most people are anti-communist?
#1474 I do not want to walk at graduation this June. I think it's because I'm not the slow down and smell the roses type. My family gave me the "How can you be so selfish?" lecture but I countered by saying "Who's more selfish? Me for wanting something that does not affect you at all? Or you for wanting me to do something I don't want to do just so you can have a good time?" Let's face it, we're all selfish when it comes to certain things, but my family was more selfish because they wanted me to do something I don't want to do. Sometimes, you need to put yourself first and this is exactly what I'm doing.
#1475 Ok, here's a few cans of worms:

1. Why do people oppose non-traditional marriage? What's it to you if two dudes or two lasses get married? The US isn't a Christian nation, so it shouldn't be making rules like one.
2. Why do people oppose stricter gun laws? A reasonable limitation on gun ownership shouldn't affect most of you -- unless you happen to be psychopathic.
3. Why do people oppose gun ownership? Second amendment aside, hunting rifles are important to many people, so unless they can be ensured that they have an inalienable right to reasonably carry a sport rifle in hunting grounds, etc., there won't be sufficient support for gun reform.
4. Why do people hate others who don't look like them? Immigrants are humans, black people are humans, Hispanics are humans... Why does it feel like only white people are humans in the US? And why are Asians do complacent in all of this? Asians literally get no benefit from anything race-related in the US: if being a minority is an ""advantage,"" then Asians don't count (education), yet when being a minority is a disadvantage (otherhood and being targets of racial violence), Asians suddenly become minorities again... CAN YOU PEOPLE MAKE UP YOUR MIND!?!
#1476 Can we boycott Sheryl Cuckberg as our commencement speaker??
#1477 It's super great being home from spring break, especially when you leave the house for 30 minutes and come home to find your buzzed father asleep on the living room couch with porn playing on the TV
#1478 Reif is a horrible president.
#1479 When I was little I cried when I saw the last episode of Dragon Ball Z. I cried like a little kid during the end of Dragon Ball Super
#1480 I met you at the last DKE party and I think your name is Tyler? I know you're probably talking to a million girls but I can't stop thinking about you
#1481 I know this one girl who always gets "sick" whenever she has to take an exam. It's always a totally different illness too...
#1482 theres this one girl on my floor in simmons who's clueless about everything. read a book or something, please.
#1483 i just want a straight guy that likes getting rimmed
#1484 A lot of people don't have much food on their table. But they got a lot of forks and knives. And they gotta cut something...
#1485 Does MIT Medical insurance cover penis enlargement surgery? I'm already a good size compared to a lot of my fraternity brothers but like, another 1 or 2 inches would be nice, or maybe .5 inches in the radial direction. I'm on the Any 14 plan, by the way.
#1486 I'm just gonna say it... y'all are way too obsessed with sex. read a goddamn book or something. get a hobby
#1487 I wonder how my friend's girlfriend would feel if she knew how close he was to other girls😞
#1488 Every guy I think is cute is a freshman... —a sad upperclasswoman
#1489 Is life more of a utility maximation-function or a regret-minimization function?
#1490 Not gonna lie I really like girls with deep voices...
#1491 I've been a strong independent and very happy single woman my whole life, for the first time a guy is attracted to me and i dont know how to deal with this! Help!
#1492 My boyfriend packed me a lunch today. I threw it out, had lunch with friends, and told him the lunch he made for me was delicious. 

Win-win. 

All relationships are based on openness and honesty, but sometimes it's just easier to lie.
#1493 Where did the hot cheetos at verdes go :(
#1494 I'm a socially awkward international student who really wants casual sex. Any girls willing to take my virginity?
#1495 It's cute you think MIT will cancel the commencement speaker. It's about money, not morals.
#1496 To harrison of the asian dance club, you're great. I hope you'll notice me someday.
#1497 can someone explain to me how 2.671 is acceptable? this 12 unit class takes me 18 hours a week just to do the bare minimum. Why the fuck are there randomly scheduled in class quizzes? why are there 3 assignments due weekly that take 5 hours a piece? why is there not a class syllabus? this is not a class, this is a professors pet project that started off well intentioned but fucks over good kids who cant keep up
#1498 To the beautiful girl who was crossing the street in front of 77 Mass Ave at 11am who hit the meanest slow floss and BlocBoy "shoot" dance: you're amazing. I think I fell in love with you for a second there...
#1499 MIT blue-balled me harder than my girlfriend does with that school closing email...
#1500 Papa Strang, please returneth and save our 18.06-ridden souls.
#1501 I can't believe this girl is friends with me, she's so cool and amazing and I feel blessed that she even wants to hang out with me.
#1502 Y'all bitching about MIT 24/7, but when it's CPW suddenly you're all in love with the place. Save a pre-frosh, tell the truth.
#1503 Why is 8.044 such a mess? Is it just me? Does anyone actually understand what's going on? The poor TA is the only person who seems to do anything for this class.
#1504 Does running speedtest.net constantly put a strain on MIT's network? I have a massive fucking superiority complex whenever people outside of MIT talk about their internet speed, mostly because I love the feeling of shoving almost 1gb up and down in their faces
#1505 Blonde captain of water polo is absolutely majestic.
#1506 sometimes I think life would be easier if I was a single cell amoeba.
#1507 Whoever those girls were at PBE on Saturday in green body suits dancing on the table next to the DJ were the definition of life of the party. Unsure who they are but they should be at every MIT party from now on.
#1508 I feel like after graduating, people just kind of slowly disappear. A lot of my friends have graduated and are doing real world stuff. I know it's bound to happen because that's just how life works, but it's sad to see everyone scatter across different locations. Communication falls off and there aren't a lot of common things to talk about anymore because you don't see them all the time on campus. I just wish there was an easy way to initiate conversations without them seeming so sudden or out of place.
#1509 When your enemies try for a long time to bring out the worst in you...in a way that could hurt others...are they really as good as the external image they've tried to project? Take a good hard look at yourselves and your 'friends' people. Good people don't destroy lives, especially the lives of those who are actively trying to improve themselves.
#1510 One of my fraternity brothers/roommates and his girlfriend talk to each other in these weird, like, baby voices? it annoys the shit out of me tbh. probably more than it should.
#1511 You ever get hit with a smell and it brings you back so vividly to a specific moment like years ago? You see the person, the place, all in that instant, like it never ended? It's wild.
#1512 What exactly can we "slip and fall" on behind the baker d counter?
#1513 Are we running out of amazing students at MIT? The student spotlight published on March 16th showcased a pretty dull premed. Did MIT really highlight the fact that she was a TA for 5.111 and 9.00? And president of the student-alumni association? You probably send an email like once per week for that job. Lolk then, any smart enough FROSH could do those things. Also tf is it with the horses?
#1514 I really wish that cute 8.02 TA would explore my curves like he does in his trigonometry 101 lecture
#1515 Why the FUCK do we always need these specific ass math tricks to solve seemingly simple pset problems??? My TA genuinely just said the phrase "simply take the Taylor expansion, the answer becomes glaringly obvious" I'm mad as hell, don't patronize me Patrick you KNOW I don't know what the fuck that means, my sad little brain can't even remember how to integrate sometimes and you're out here talking about Taylor expansions, shut the hell up. And don't even get me started on random ass trig identities or dumb ass log properties because that's another two separate rants entirely. I only need to know how to do a Taylor expansion to get the answer???? Yeah sure fucking thing, Patrick. I didn't even learn Taylor expansions in 18.02 when I was supposed to, and you think my dumb ass is gonna remember them now?? And this is just the shit I know about. I purposely didn't become a course 18 because it pisses me off so much, god knows what other fucking bullshit exists out there that I've yet to have a pset problem on. "Simply take the Taylor expansion" eat my ass
#1516 PSA: If you are 5' 8", you are 4' 20" tall.
#1517 I wish I could sleep all day or eat whole bag of potato chip all night doing nothing
#1518 this kid sitting in front of me during my physics exam smelled like he emptied an entire axe bottle over his head.
#1519 it's honestly an ego-booster to cross-register at Sloan as a Harvard student. cherry on top if there are a bunch of wellesley kids dumbing the class down.
#1520 I always try to look extra dead on the inside when I pass a tour group in the infinite
#1521 bro. class hoodies? more like ass hoodies. why the fuck did we all vote for this? 2021 u disappoint me
#1522 MIT's free condoms are too tight for me. :(
#1523 What would a person like me be called? I have an extreme aversion to open relationships, and I think very negatively of people who are in them. Relationship-cist? I know it's not PC to hate on people who are in one, but I can't help but scoff at the idea and think that people who are in open-relationships are incredibly insecure. Can someone shed some light on open-relationships? Maybe I just really hate the idea of "cheating" on someone?
#1524 my uat ta is fineee
#1525 Are all Sloan students mentally handicapted or it's just the MBAs and Sloan Friends or Fellows or whatever. I tried taking a course 15 class but just couldn't bare more of their "questions".
#1526 I am hooked on weed and my whole self esteem depends on it. I need to stop but I know that if I stop reality will hit me in the face since I will reinterpret all my creations (art and experiments) as exaggerated ego pumps that I have been using to justify not conforming to social norms or doing actual work.
#1527 I'm thinking about getting on birth control. Can I just schedule an appointment with MIT Medical to get a prescription? Note: I'm not on the extended insurance plan so it's not free.
#1528 The Theory of Everything can go fuck itself. It's Hawking (2004) or nothing
#1529 God, I have such a huge daddy kink. The only reason I still go to most of my classes is so I can think about slobbering all over my professors nuts & shaft during their lectures
#1530 even though i still have my whole life ahead of me, i see no reason to get up and try doing things. I have no worthy talents, and i procrastinate 24/7 (sleeping, internet, eating), everyday. And it's not like i can do much nowadays. My parents are unsupportive of what i do, and i can't do what i used to enjoy knowing that i lost complete interest in it.

I wish i could go back to my prime years as a kid. This life sucks.
#1531 i want to fuck that korean girl who always does calculus.
#1532 I feel so tired with my life. I dont want to go to class anymore.
#1533 You're not relevant unless you know someone that lives in Fenway House
#1534 I just want to get pho with someone and then walk through Boston Commons and look at (and hopefully pet) all the dogs. We could hold hands too, except when we pet the dogs, thats a two hand job.
#1535 I just listened to some of my old high school pump up songs. Once upon a time, I could do 2 hour lifts or swim the 10k or stay up all night doing AP chem stuff. But honestly now I feel like I have nothing to look forward to. It doesn't matter if I listen to good music or drink a bunch of coffee or anything, I still accomplish nothing. What's the point of all of this
#1536 We should make all 6 classes GIRs.
#1537 There is this girl I'm falling for and I can't stop it and I don't want to. I want her so bad.
#1538 I want Dillon Powell to have my babies
#1539 Dating an RSI guy is on my bucket list.
#1540 I have a crush on Tony Cao: he's so attractive and his smile gives me butterflies!!
#1541 If you took a black canvas Kuhl jacket on saturday night at chi phi that doesn't belong to you, please return it! I like that jacket
#1542 I dont understand why people think the meal plan is expensive. You are paying for your time and for other people to do the shopping, prepare your food, and clean up after you (question: does would this make food cost more money?). OF COURSE IT IS MORE MONEY THAN DOING IT YOURSELF BECAUSE YOUR TIME COSTS MONEY youse goddamn idiots. You are paying for the convenience of focusing on your classes. Also, unless you only eat just a sandwich around here, chances are you are spending close to $13 per meal dinning out in Cambridge (unless maybe you are a vegetarian but still).
#1543 What happened to siddhart siddhart?
#1544 The nickname I have for my girlfriend is "The Notorious B.I.Tch".
#1545 Sometimes I forget I'm dating the person I'm dating, and I think "huh we talk a lot. wonder if he's interested," and then I remember he has a girlfriend. And then I remember that girlfriend is me.
#1546 Delts trying to rebrand themselves as DTD after all the bad publicity on Confessions we see what ur trying to do Delts smh
#1547 Words of wisdom for the Sexually Frustrated of MIT Confessions: make your pornhub account password something you can type with one hand easily.
#1548 seriously considering taking 6.042 just so I can go to that cute asian girl's office hours...
#1549 These professors really gmfu. All they care about are these classes and these psets when really I'm just out here trynna play Fortnite. How am I supposed to git gud when I have 4 exams and an essay in one week. Y u do dis, honestly
#1550 I swear I want to kick down the automatic doors leaving the infinite, they never fucking open quickly enough so you have to stop or just get hit by a slowly moving door.
#1551 I'm pretty sure I have depression and I am tired of feeling constantly tired and unhappy. Nothing I used to enjoy excites me anymore and I struggle to find a reason to get out of bed besides that my parents paid a lot of money for me to go here and if I fail I will have wasted all of their efforts and sacrifices. I'm scared of going to Mental Health and I don't know what I can do.
#1552 If HASS professors could stop getting mad when we prioritize our technicals over their class when things get tough that would be great. It's not that I don't care but there are only so many hours in a day and sometimes choices have to be made. I can always take a different HASS class to fulfill my HASS requirement but I can't graduate without passing 6.004.
#1553 Bodak Yellow is my anthem
#1554 Was it just me, or did Tegmark give a Nazi solute at the beginning of the 8.02 exam?
#1555 I feel like I've spent my time so far at MIT learning about things I didn't know very well when I got here. But now I feel like I finished broadening out and I have no idea what I should be focusing on anymore. Classes just seem like a waste if I can't fold it into a master plan for at least some kind of short term goal. How do people settle on particular passions in life when you've never had a significant life event point you in some direction? I feel like I could pretty much choose anything I want to pursue and be able to succeed, but I can't decide which thing to do. I would normally try to prioritize things I am currently interested and then as I tackle the list, try to pivot as I better learn what I'm interested in, but everything on the list is so close in priority that it seems too arbitrary. Why does person X wanna be a doctor so bad, person Y want to work on AI research, and person Z want to build rocket ships and knew this preference for the last 5 years?

Plz post thoughts and links to things that help answer all this
#1556 "Here's the definitive list of top 5 dorms!
5. Simmons
4. MacGregor
3. Westgate
2. Tang
1. Eastgate
Honorable mention: Green building (not officially a dorm, but definitely the toppest)"
#1557 Yesterday, the girl in the stall next to me was writing a pset while pooping and all I could think of was: "Wow… she is so efficient."
#1558 I am looking for a conservative girl in MIT.  haven't found yet :(
#1559 Aren't the saferide shuttles supposed to stop at every stop, even if no one is on? I was standing in the rain, waiving my hand, and the shuttle just drove pass me.
#1560 Natalia Rigol >>>>>>>
#1561 I'm tutoring at a prison facility and today my student said he watched a video on life at MIT that gave tours of our dorms. He then proceeded to laugh and said "Dude y'all live in worse conditions than prison!"
#1562 Are there any gay frat bros out there?
#1563 Why is the lowest level of the new meal plan over $13 per meal? I don't understand how it can cost that much.
#1564 Shout out to the guy who tried to help me order in baker d - I was sick and tired but thanks for the help and your shirt was funny
#1565 Really questioning my 6-3 major, as a junior, when my easiest and most straight forward technical is biology.
#1566 Somebody once told me that sometimes the best solution is no solution at all. Can't remember who it was but I wish the people responsible for changing saferide consulted him lmao
#1567 There is this kid who started hanging out on Maseeh 3 and I'm really happy he started hanging out with us. You know who you are!
#1568 All I want is a wholesome left-handed boy who will hold my hand while we pset together.
#1569 Anyone notice how your MIT id swipes perfectly in dining 10/10 times, but whenever you go to a printer or washing machine it takes like five tries to even get it to read. Massachusetts Institute of "Technology"
#1570 I've been saying that I want to sell out for years now, but now that I've finally gotten an opportunity to, I'm starting to realize I really like my engineering work. What to do?
#1571 I'm a senior, but I low-key love those stupid freshman drinking games like most likely and never have I ever. I'm worried that when I graduate no one will ever want to play them with me anymore.
#1572 Where can a socially-awkward introverted woman of color meet an equally socially-awkward introverted man of color?  I just want someone to watch anime and share fried chicken and collard greens recipes with.
#1573 My friend got a really nice tech internship without knowing CS well, and I'm so happy for her but I can't help but feel inferior
#1574 For the first time in 3 years of MIT education I notice that there are outlets in every seat of 10-250. Now I can die in piece.
#1575 Some of the dining staff are so fucking trashy. Makes me uncomfortable just interacting with them.
#1576 honestly I wish I got into Stanford, at least the guys there are hot
#1577 To the cute indian boy who randomly helped me with my 046 pset, you are adorable and were so nice and patient. Wish I had the courage to ask you out.
#1578 Wtf. Why are you frosh still trying so hard???!?! You know, you're still on PNR, stop being so studious and take a break. The whole ABC thing you've heard about is just a stupid lie the administration spreads to help you transition slowly between S1 and sophomore year. Trust me, your transcript will show only P's, just give it a shot.
#1579 If you aren't willing to risk your life for Bjorn Poonen, then you don't deserve to have him as your 18.03 professor.
#1580 None of my friends really care about me. Sure they don't mind when I hang out with them, but if I'm not there nobody would care. I'm not the person that people say, "Oh I wish they were here" about. I'm just there. When other people are talking my voice gets drowned out. I will say something and people will just ignore it rather than trying to take the conversation more in that direction. It just makes me wonder why I even bother hanging out with them if none of them care anyway.
#1581 Last summer I starved myself until I was underweight, weak, always cold, and had prominent bones. Now I'm binge eating girl scout cookies in my room, afraid to weigh myself because I've gained 15 lbs in the past six months. I know I shouldn't do what I did when I was underweight, but my current habits aren't much better. I hate that food controls me and I'm sad that the ED support group run by mental health isn't happening this semester because I really really fucking need it.
#1582 can people agree that  mathematica in 8.02 is such a pain in the ass? i really shouldve taken 8.02 last semester on PNR rip me
#1583 To the guy in Simmons who keeps filling his bowl up with Cheerios to the point where it's basically falling everywhere: y tho
#1584 @ MIT Timely Confessions... you'll never be the original. 
  - Admins
#1585 Career fair question. Does managing 3 terabytes of porn count having as experience with big data?
#1586 Thank you for the much needed drunk cuddling over the weekend. I know when I asked if you wanted to I made it sound like I was just trying to comfort you, but in reality, I needed it just as much as you. We're both in relationships, but I'm so lonely without my boyfriend here and I really hope it happens again.
#1587 One of my best friends is now dating a guy who assaulted me Freshman year. I love spending time with her but seeing him around makes me sick to my stomach...
#1588 Tech companies fall in love with what they hear. Students fall in love with what they see. That's why tech companies are in Cali and students lie in their resumes.
#1589 Whoever in Next House spends an eternity showering at godforsaken hours of the night, thanks. It really helps me validate the destructive habit of my horrid sleep schedule to know that there's at least 1 more person up with me.
#1590 Yo I'm tryna fuck all the 2021s before I graduate. No descrimination. No holds barred. Merciless. Without restraint. Whole floors of Maseeh, laid to waste. Killmonger.
#1591 I was very upset over the fact that Amazon, Apple, and Google have refused to stop streaming NRA propaganda until I remembered that all three so-called giants have offices right nearby. We could literally swarm their front door till they're forced to acknowledge us. 

Putting the idea out there to gauge interest, and so that maybe someone with more initiative than me might actually act on it, or at least somebody could give some pointers on where to start with organizing something like this.
#1592 That Aaron kid in PBE is mad cute though. Y'all know if he's single?
#1593 White guys who like black girls why can't we find you around here. How do we know ? Give us a sign
#1594 Human beings evolved to be persistence hunters.  We have unmatched endurance among mammals, and even though your typical antelope could easily out-sprint a human, our ancestors would chase it down over tens of miles until it collapsed of exhaustion.  Over long distances, a fit human can outrun a horse.  Modern agriculture has largely eliminated persistence hunting outside of a few isolated communities, but every once in a while, that powerful, tenacious tendency rises to the surface in unexpected ways.  This one sophomore, for example, has been hitting on me with such a relentless and powerful intensity that I'm afraid my crufty legs can't outrun her much longer.
#1595 Can we stop ignoring the fact that DKE is the actual top frat on campus?
#1596 Last night we had sex in the middle of Killian, in a bldg 6 stairwell, a bldg 2 classroom, a bldg 14 elevator, and 10-250 

Finished it off in our hall lounge, a foot from a sleeping person 

10/10 would recommend, we plan to explore more classrooms soon 

Reply for an invite--fellow lesbians only pls
#1597 To all the bitchy course 18-pures I have ever had the displeasure of meeting:

your mom is trivial
#1598 a gold ring is an enormous waste of money for a negligibly small increase in happiness, don't fall into the trap
#1599 I carb-load for midterms.
#1600 I'm really into this girl in APhi. Hey you with blond hair and blue eyes, you know who you are;)
#1601 Golden State blew a 3-1 lead
#1602 What's the difference between Simmons House government and a zoo? At one, a ton of people watch some animals make noises and produce loads of shit. The other is a zoo (at least the president of Simmons this year isn't as vain, egotistic, and self-righteous as the previous two!).
#1603 Started dating someone who's leaving at the end of the semester cause apparently I love pain
#1604 Wtf urop direct funding is a competitive process??? So you're telling me I could be totally screwed for the summer?
#1605 I had sex in the math department corner of Killian court one night
#1606 That post about MIT being a walk in the park compared to a PhD was probably made by a graduate student who doesn't want to acknowledge it's harder to be admitted at MIT for undergrad than grad.
#1607 Can more MIT girls join coffee meets bagel so I have a wider dating pool? Like there legit only BU and Northeastern girls here.
#1608 Any time I'm having a rough day, I just remember that the Eagles won the Super Bowl, and I immediately cheer up. Finally depending my happiness on the arbitrary outcomes of professional sports games is paying off.
#1609 some best friends warm my heart like I might have not found mine yet but when I see two people who are clearly just so on the same page and always having a good time it's just adorable
#1610 Prefrosh here: are there really that many weebs at MIT?
#1611 lol at people who say hard times bring your friends closer together, I feel like my group of friends is self-destructing rn, but maybe it's just me
#1612 MIT should join one of the walk outs in support of gun control. I know most of the focus in on high schools, but these aren't just things that happen on high school campuses, this could happen here too. Is anyone working on this?
#1613 I have a stupid laugh and I think it's goofy and funny but also a wee conscious about it
#1614 Does that guy who works at the Z look like Toby from The Office, or is that just me?
#1615 I valued my previous relationship 60% for the emotional support and 40% because she helped me fold my laundry.
#1616 I made out with this girl last friday, only to find out later that she was from Wellesley 😭pls send help, I don't want to get stabbed
#1617 How many other people agree with me: Black Panther was legit amazing. I hate it when they put white people in black roles and vice versa; when you change the race of the actor or the character, you're just saying that the race's identity has no value. Black Panther was an amazing example of how great a story is when you have black actors in black roles. e.g. I'm not saying that we can't have a black James Bond, but just don't call him James Bond. Give him his own back story that celebrates his own identity. He deserves it.
#1618 To whoever set off the Simmons fire alarm while I was taking a shit: fuck you, learn to cook
#1619 To the well-dressed Harvard guy in MAS.172 - J's cohort - I want you to fuck my brains out. Are you single? Do you want a good time?
#1620 I never found my "community" in my sorority, but I still think it's the best fit for me between the limited choices. I never found people who were willing to stay up late toiling over psets only to run across the city to dumpling palace minutes before it closes. I never found people who wanted to work on projects that weren't schoolwork, or people who want to frequent the Z and actually commit. I never found people I wanted to watch movies with or to share my weird opinions with, or to talk about anything remotely deep. I never found a group of people I trust to share my thoughts with, and I never found people that I'll talk to outside of my four years here. I could leave... but we have trouble filling our house and it's actually kind of ok here... until I try talking to anyone and realize how much I don't fit in and how little anyone cares.
#1621 I've spent so much time with you lately that as I watch the snow fall all I hear is the soft crunch it would make under our steps while the rest of the world lay silent.
#1622 What color is the Mitochondria?
#1623 How do gays hookup here? Is not grindr for sure
#1624 Today I realized one of the perks of graduating early: the senior gift committee can't hassle me to donate in person.
#1625 we have a cheer team?
#1626 My roommate always seems to be sleeping... I wake up and go to class hes asleep... I come back in the middle of the day to pick up some stuff and hes sleeping... i finish class and come back and he is sleeping... i leave and come back at night and hes still sleeping... should i do something?
#1627 Staying up late talking was the highlight of my week. You guys are amazing :)
#1628 I'm Ring Comm from a year that's still on campus, and while I think they did one or two things right, I really don't like the 20's design. I would love to talk to them directly, but I don't believe they could do anything with my input now. 

Every other year has put hard work and design time into amazing rings, before and after my class, but I agree with the ""vocal minority"" that this year doesn't justify that effort. I'd also like to highlight the term ""vocal minority"". I too, was once upset to hear negative feedback on confessions about our ring (it will always happen) especially on things I personally put a lot of thought into. I entirely entirely entirely understand how the 20's might feel, but you should not neglect, invalidate, or simply brush off the negative feedback by calling it irrelevant altogether. You should learn from these comments, from both the good and upsetting. 

One of our interview questions was literally how we would react and what actions we would take given overwhelmingly negative feedback.... and while I think the response this year certainly borders more on ""overwhelmingly negative"" than the historic ""vocal minority"", I'd understand if the committee didn't see it worth changing -- you can't make everyone happy. That's up to your discretion. 

I'm sorry 20's. I wish Ring Comm had a better mentorship structure where future years could get better guidance from the old folks. I would have loved to help or provide my feedback once or twice while I could, and part of me feels like I've let old Ring Committees down by not helping perpetuate a certain culture of design. 

Maybe the 21's will learn from the overwhelming feedback and change for the better. Best of luck.
#1629 Why is there so much negativity on here guys? Love each other :(
#1630 I honestly I'm not surprised by most of the weird shit this school does anymore, but can someone please explain why the fuck there is an anime character on my class ring!?
#1631 I want sex with my boyfriend like...every day, but he ever only seems to be interested every other month -- or less :( 
Since consent is important and obviously I wouldn't force him to do something he's not interested in. It makes me feel unattractive but not sure what to do, help
#1632 The consent comics are just cringy af. I don't care how smoking hot you are, but if you say those words verbatim to me, you're not getting any pussy that night.
#1633 Damn Wellesley girls are something else, man.
#1634 If you can pay your haircut with TechCash, it aint a real haircut...
#1635 A friend of mine was being super flirty all night while we were drunk together. I was so crossed and caught off guard I kind of just accepted it (albeit without reciprocating). I never imagined I would ever be in a situation where they'd interact with me that way, especially since they flat out don't see me like that (the proof would make it too obvious who I am, but it's really unambiguous). I don't have feelings for them either, but just the absolute fucking shock of being put in that context with them has had me so confused, angry, and depressed for the past week I can barely do my school work. Lmfao.
#1636 I am considering trying to hookup with my little's boyfriend
#1637 I'm not even taking classes this semester, just hanging out on campus. I've been here for one day and I'm already miserable, feel like shit, and want to go home.
#1638 I miss you so much dad.  May you RIP.
#1639 So recently I've been trying a new thing out to help with my coding. Whenever I code, I crossdress, and I've found it to be extremely effective and work much faster. My code always needs much less debugging and I almost always finish my assignments faster compared to when I don't crossdress. Does anyone else crossdress to enhance their coding skill?
#1640 To that asshole who is a research staff in the basement of building 5...go fuck yourself you low life thief
#1641 To all the people who don't put weights back when they're done: I hope your protein shake spills all over your vineyard vines shirt and you packed the wrong pair of Sperry's in your gym bag
#1642 There's a knock knock knock...
#1643 I'm no fan of the selection of songs, but I'd be soooo happy if he bought me a serenade for Valentine's day.
#1644 I talk such a big game about my passion for Course V but honestly some days I would rather be engaged with stuff from my sci-fi mood board, like figuring out how to nerve-staple myself to a military scramjet
#1645 I met this guy who plays on RAMBAX MIT who is Ethiopian and I don't know his name. I found him so attractive and considerate from our brief conversation and I honestly regret not asking him for his number. Would love any help in reconnecting if its even possible at this point. - a senior at a different school trying to live without regrets
#1646 ...shoulda gone to Vanderbilt
#1647 I spit on the toilet paper before wiping my ass. Do you?
#1648 Was fucking the bf
He cums all over my chest and stomach
Pauses for a few seconds
Looks me straight in the eye
Says ""How's this for round 2?""
Puts it back in and keeps going
#1649 You know how at other schools being poor among rich kids makes one feel out of place ? Well at MIT it sucks to be dumb among smart kids. No one wants to do psets or hand out with you because you're of no intellectual value to them. Just a leech. Don't say stuff like 'you got into MIT so you must be smart'. No I just got in because of affirmative action. AA can suck sometimes. Rip me.
#1650 To the absolute heathen that came into the MacG Athena cluster and took the last blank printer paper right before it ran out mid-print, fuck you
#1651 "*When you took 3 science classes in one semester and still got a 4.0*
Me: *Takes deep breath* I'm touching myself tonight."
#1652 I should've known it was never gonna work out with my ex because I thought his brother was the hot one
#1653 I feel like shit we do is so mundane. I don't even care anymore really, only thing keeping me at it is common sense and the fact that my parents are happier when I try
#1654 I have a pretty computationally intensive personal project and needed more computing power so I hit up a booty call under the guise of hooking up, but the real motivation was to see if I could use her computer.  What has this school done to me?  #TradingSexForCycles
#1655 ΣΑΕ and Phi Sig really brought their A games yesterday. Those parties were LIT!
#1656 At the face of it, everything seems great. I have a good research position which puts food on the table and money into the bank. I've done fine at school and enjoy what I'm doing now. Family is loving and supportive. My living situation is good and I've also traveled to two dozen countries and lived in four.

Despite all of that, I am deeply unhappy.

It comes down to a few things:
[1] Uncertainty about the future/career
[2] Struggling with being an introvert in an extroverted society
[3] Inability to find a life partner despite numerous sincere efforts
[4] Always investing in other people's well-being and putting myself second while getting very little in return (closely related to [3] )

While I can identify causes, I cannot get myself out. The anxiety is taking a heavy toll on my life and potential and making me into a shell of who I was 10 years ago. There's no way around it: I need therapy.

And thus I have learned that mental health is key. Mental health is everything.
#1657 If MIT classes are so difficult and prestigious, how come every textbook I've used for the past two years has had the word "Introduction" in the title?
#1658 Theta Tau is the shake weight of MIT
#1659 To the boy pelvic thrusting on the 5th floor of the Stud: +1
#1660 get me a boy who loves me like those delts boys love their frat.
#1661 Are you supposed to give 2-weeks notice before quitting a UROP? How does that work?
#1662 Is it bad for two people in a relationship to talk to the same person about a disagreement or fight that they're having?

It's a bit late now but my ex and I always talked to different people when we got into fights (they talked to many more people than I did), and it seems like their friends always totally agreed with them and reinforced their thinking that they were in the right and I was always in the wrong. Whereas the friends I talked to always understood my side as well, and in the case of what caused our breakup, generally agreed that both sides could have done things better. I definitely feel that I always tried to present my ex's side as best as I could when talking to my friends, but given how hostile they are to me at the moment, I'm not sure if they did the same for me.

In hindsight, would it have been a reasonable request for us to find a common third party to discuss issues with, to help each of us see the other side better? Isn't it common in couples therapy for both sides to see the same therapist? I know that there are things I could have done better, but I really can't believe that it was all me. I see a lot of opportunities where we could have fixed things together, but they've already made up their mind that it's not possible and that I've used up all my chances.
#1663 I have reached a point where I simultaneously have crushes on two girls. I don't know what to do about this. I mean... I know that all my crushes so far have only led to me being sad and writing depressing poetry. But how can I write a poem when I don't even know who I'm said about.
#1664 Any cute single Latino boys out there??? Tag them!
#1665 guy at the gym's neck veins looked like they were going to explode. is that even healthy "bro"
#1666 I had a dream last night that Unified's start time was moved to 5:30AM because we were doing too good at staying awake for the 9-11 every day of the week
#1667 my girlfriend's facebook is still logged in on my computer which feels like a violation of her privacy but I'm scared if I log out I'll lose access to her hulu :/
if you're reading this I promise I don't check it, love you <3
#1668 @#12410 In the event that this isn't a troll, one of the most intellectually challenging people I met late in my undergrad at MIT was a Wellesley first-year. I was consistently googling and reading about unfamiliar subjects when talking with this person and it was a humbling experience. Shoutout to our friends from other schools for pulling us out of the MIT tunnel vision and bringing about broader positive discourse :)
#1669 There's a girl who lives on Maseeh 3 and oh my goodness she is so fine. Like good gosh.
#1670 Get yourself a man who takes a 12 unit class (Español Uno) just so that he can speak to you and your parents <3 <3 <3 <3
#1671 Am I the only person here that actually prefers tests to be weighted as much as possible in class grades?
#1672 "How to graduate with a 5.0 GPA:

1. Take as many ""easy"" classes as you can,
2. Make sure to have ""friends"" you can rely on for each of your classes,
3. Get really good at presentations because that's pretty much the only thing you can't rely on others for.

Also helpful: if you can obtain/make good food."
#1673 Serious question. Do more people prefer crotch in the face or butt in the face when someone slides by them while they are seated in lecture? Trying not to offend people here.
#1674 I'll be an Eagles fan for the night if you'll be my Crisco covered pole ;)
#1675 TBH the biggest oppressor of black males on this campus is black females
#1676 just saw an impromptu ring committee meeting at the z center and i got way hyped for the ring!!!!! when do we get our brass rats?
#1677 real analysis and chill
#1678 Piazza scares the fuck outta me
#1679 Orange is a whorish color.
#1680 2021 class council is literally killing it, thank you guys for being fantastic!!!
#1681 tfw you see a cute Wellesley girl, but then remember you prefer to not be stabbed smh.
#1682 I have a 5.0 and I really want to brag about it, but I'd look like an asshole, so I just brag about it on confessions.
#1683 I'm convinced that altruistic people don't exist here. Either that or they're just really rare kinds of people to come across.
#1684 Old anon who posted the ones about people blossoming. 

Some people literally come here, go to a few club meetings or whatever, and then find people they click with immediately.  And that leads them to their spouse and job. Okay. I'm not going to force people who are indifferent to me to like me, because that doesn't work, and that's what many of you just don't get.  

I put in the work to get to know people.  I study hard. I look for friends. I just don't meet anyone I click with--people that want to get to know me and that I want to get to know.  I'm not looking for things to be handed to me. I'm just looking for a group I feel welcome at, instead of flitting around hoping for a home. 

So yeah.  My life isn't a magical fairy take, but it's apparent that other people's lives are. Their tragedies aren't reflections of themselves, but simply a hurdle for them to overcome and talk about later.  MIT is only part of that fairy tale.
#1685 Hoes always wanna connect with me on LinkedIn but never irl on the weekends. Y'all some fake friends smh
#1686 Damn, I wish we could have a large-scale super smash 4 tournament at MIT to determine who is the best smash player here. Although I think the people in Maseeh might already know the answer...
#1687 @12393 I totally get you! I myself deal with that exact same thought quite frequently, and like I actually didn't realize till now that someone else at MIT did that too. It's amazing how confessions lets us know we're not the only ones. As for me, I find it helpful to really focus on the things you mentioned. Feel free to PM me if you'd like to talk about it more, I'd be open to listen.
#1688 I just watched The Big Short and I'm reconsidering a lot of plans post-graduation... shit. It's like, have you seen this movie called Earthlings and realized you just want to go vegan for an indefinite time? That's me and The Big Short, except replace meat with Wall Street. I laughed I guess, but it's hard not to spot that kind of obsession with making money around you when it's showed to you that way.
#1689 Tips for getting over breakups?
#1690 I have feelings for my roommate, but he doesn't know I'm gay. How do I tell him? I live in Baker and I feel like the community here isn't super accepting of the queer community, so I just don't know what to do.
#1691 Why the fuck is verde's SO expensive? Surely a school that makes bank can afford to subsidize the prices to make it actually affordable. It's like $6 for a shitty cold sandwhich and $8 for pasta sauce. The only thing that's a reasonable price is the Arizona but they can't make that $4 like they want to because the price is already on there.
#1692 How do I tell this girl on my floor she's a fucking idiot who never makes a positive contribution to anything
#1693 What is wrong with people??? How are you going to email us saying we have 24 hours to respond to something because it's *time sensitive* and then you respond TWO DAYS later??? Like we replied WITHIN THE HOUR. And then you have the nerve to COMPLETELY IGNORE what we told you??? WHAT WAS THE POINT OF EVEN ASKING US IN THE FIRST PLACE?
#1694 I'm slightly concerned about my IAP housemate once she graduates, she managed to literally burn pasta and break the stove's dial all after dropping the entire pasta box on the ground.
#1695 Blind date matcher here. Sorry if I've been unresponsive; I was traveling and had interviews. I've decided to open up the response sheet to get some more answers. I will leave the form open until the end of the day on Feb 14th. After I close the form off I'll probably stop matching people because I have things to do. So if you don't receive an email by Feb 14th, consider yourself out of luck. Also, for the love of god, please be VERY thorough in the 'Who do you NOT want to be matched with?" I've accidentally matched up ex's and team members because I'm not a mind-reader. I'm not trying to make this more awkward than it already is =/ https://goo.gl/forms/XKnyECUxscyw71373
#1696 To the grad student in Cambridge grill yesterday eating with his two guy friends: When we made awkward eye contact, I realized how cute you were. Wish I had time to talk. Maybe another time?
Sincerely,
The girl in the green sweater
#1697 I'm course 10 and let me tell yall something: Yavon Nulster is the best teacher at this institute.
#1698 I'm going to destroy all the computers
#1699 I use tabs and spaces
#1700 Im an engineer and I use tau.
#1701 What do you prefer vim or emacs?
#1702 Honestly, joining Theta was the worst decision I've made at MIT so far... When I'm in the house I feel like I'm in a literal ghost town, like how does no one in this sorority talk to each other?? 

If I could go back I def would have joined APhi. It seems like they have a really beautiful sisterhood and friendship that I'm really jealous of... I wish our house was so gossip and drama free like theirs. Plus their house is right next to all the coolest frats with the hottest guys; we're stuck next around McCormick and douchey frats like PBE and KS... at least TDC is pretty chill
#1703 Is the guy that has semi-wavy hair, glasses, spaniard looking and lanky, that lives at the fraternity with many other latino guys single? I think his name is Iqué or something like that. One of my friends told me he thinks he's  been dating a cute freshman girl, but not sure how accurate that information is. Does any one know his status? I think he's kind of cute.
#1704 Freshmen assassin has turned dinner into the new scariest activity of the day. I go in their try to hide but I feel people looking at me from all directions.  Someone walks behind my chair.  I stare at them until they pass.  Someone starts whispering to their friend and looking my way.  I put my dishes away and run upstairs cause even when I'm scared I'm not a slob.  Tonight will be round 2 will give you updates hopefully I don't die.
#1705 Someone get me a straw because there are free cherry snow cones on the ground
#1706 Who's got the best boobs at MIT?
#1707 Daniel, your fashion sense is so garbage even someone wearing the bone armor set in Monster Hunter World has a better chance of getting a date. Burn those abomination you call sweat pants already. 
Also pick up a copy of monhun world.
#1708 I don't like my UROP anymore. I haven't been able to do anything they ask me and I feel like an outsider in the lab. I want to quit but am scared that I'll either not be able to find another UROP or that the professor will be mad at me.
#1709 Shit I'm so gay but also I feel weird about going to queer West and rainbow lounge events because I'm not really super public about my identity and don't feel "queer enough" idk man
#1710 When my boyfriend is being a jerk I watch our shows without him
#1711 This weekend, I was at Kappa Sigma having a good time, but then, someone who I think was a brother started shouting about ISIS being in the house pretty out of the blue. I think he was yelling it at someone but I'm not really sure, so I got really confused. I'm a BU stuent, so this was my first time coming to an MIT frat for a party, but I'm wondering are they all like this or was this just a rarity?
#1712 so does B3RD have a drinking problem or what?
#1713 Tbh, PBE parties ain't that good. Idk why people say they're so good.
#1714 The only reason I'm still in my fraternity is so I have access to the house during parties. I don't live there, and I'm not close to 95% of the brothers. After a year and a half of pouring everything into the fraternity and seeing how little others care, it's just becoming way to much to deal with.
#1715 I had to google Technion because I didn't know who y'all were. But clearly y'all know who we are by those comments. Just sayin
#1716 I'm not sure which one is scarier: death or taxes
#1717 yall better have seen the shakespeare ensemble's murder show because that shit was ONE HUNDRED PERCENT GOLD
im fucking amazed i can't believe yall threw that together in like three weeks or whatever
fucking hell yall are GOOD
goddamn WHAT a PLAY
#1718 PBE finally found its dope again with that party last Saturday night
#1719 My girlfriend goes to Caltech. Am I a traitor?
#1720 "You can never be happy if you always live in fear" - Lea from the Good Doctor
#1721 Urmi is so cute. She's cuffed tho, shhhhhhh
#1722 There's nothing better meeting people who are ambitious and genuinely passionate about things. There are so many sedimentary rocks out there that just settle and don't get excited about anything meaningful, even at MIT. I'm glad some of you are out there and I'm on a mission to meet you.
#1723 I am getting my shit together this semester and becoming the person I want to be. I'm moving to a less noisy room, taking 5 classes, I'm taking a painting class, I'm UROPing. I'm not gonna drink and party more than once in a while, I'm gonna focus, I'm gonna work out regularly, I'm gonna have Soylent TM for lunch and spend less money on food and things I don't need. I'm gonna be nicer to my brother and everyone around me. I'm going to spend some time, even if it's a few minutes, reflecting on my day each night. 

If you want to change, or you are unsatisfied with your life, don't settle, and don't wait. It might not be easy, it might not be comfortable, but don't wait. Life's too short and you will regret not making changes sooner.
#1724 2021 here. Can anyone who's doing it tell me about Course 21E/21S? What's it like? What's the humanities to STEM ratio? Can you still (competitively) get a job in your STEM field?
#1725 The deepest level of hell is reserved strictly for people who don't wave back on Messenger.
#1726 I really hate being an externally motivated person. Unless I have someone around to keep me company, I feel like I can get absolutely nothing done. Especially at a place like MIT where everyone is busy or gone somewhere, I find myself laying in bed completely deflated if I can't get someone to do something with, be it work or otherwise. To make matters worse, I'm someone who has trouble making friends so the people I can reach out to are limited.

*sigh*
#1727 How rare are MIT-Wellesley relationships and how successful are they?
#1728 Course 6-3 and 15 move aside. Professional smiths make 20k per knife- Course 3 is where real the $$$ is.
#1729 "Assume a frictionless vacuum and neglect gravity."
#1730 My performance in league of legends is much boosted after taking a few shots
#1731 @11634 probably not about me. I had a similar situation tho. So I'm gonna pretend you are the person in my situation, and give enough hints so that the real person sees this:
         I really thought we were gonna be great friends. More than that actually. I had some real feelings for you too. IAP was supposed to be the time we were gonna bond. But nope, you just dropped right out of my life. I got you a Christmas present and you didn't even give me a chance to give it to you. 
          Best friend in the class? Bullshit. You understand how ridiculous it is to say what you said to me and then do this? You really should put your phone away if you ever get drunk again. 
          That's all I wanted to say. I want to be pissed but I miss you too. But I don't think it can ever be again. Luckily I have some great friends down on my floor so I don't have to go back to being a loner. 

Sincerely- the One who stopped NN
#1732 Was video chatting with my bf and his mom walked in the room right as I took my bra off....fml
#1733 My dick is as long as the Terrascope final presentation.....
#1734 To the white boy I saw in the forge wearing a pink vineyard vines hat and hitting a big piece of metal, you're literally the most iconoclastic thing I've seen this week
#1735 So one time my boyfriend and I decided to spice it up and have sex on my desk. I'm lying on the desk, we're trying to go at it, just one problem: he's a little too short to get a good angle. So what's a girl to do but grab her copy of CLRS and have him stand on it for the sake of good sex?

So there you have it, I've officially fucked over CLRS.
#1736 He protec, he attac, but most importantly, he A N G R Y R E A C C
#1737 Losing my father to cancer was by far the worst thing in my life.
#1738 Not ALL grad students want someone just to hook up....some are looking for someone to go steady.
#1739 @ Blind Date person, would appreciate an email telling us if we didn't get a match, or at least another confession-update saying when matching is over.
#1740 I want that patriotic beanie guy in 8.223 to come solve my Lagrangian ;)
#1741 Just overheard some junior ask a freshman if they've picked out a major yet. He replied with something along the lines of: "I really loved chem, so part of me wants to do ChemE, but I already took AP Comp Sci so I already have coding experience and course 6 is just a ton easier and pays bank.""

Excuse you? It's people like you that give course 6 a bad rep. You didn't come to MIT to "have an easy time", you came here to find your passions and explore them. Whether you have experience in something or not literally doesn't matter after a semester in your major. Do what you love, don't perpetuate the sellout stereotype. Fuck you. "
#1742 You know, I thought coming to MIT I would be met with a lot of smart and interesting people, but like the rest of the US, there's this ignorance... in feminism, in racism, in class warfare. If I managed to understand this as a poor kid in a poor undergrad in a poor country, how come people here don't?
#1743 @11920 If this is about me—nope, not at all platonic. ;) Message me?
#1744 I love margaret sullivan what a compact human meme
#1745 I'm in love with Jeffrey Grossman and everything that comes out of his mouth. True shame that he and his wife are adorable.
#1746 To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Mass Tech. The humor is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical campus ""hacking"" culture most of the jokes will go over a typical student's head. There's also the movement's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into its characterisation - Mass Tech's personal philosophy draws heavily from dormspam flame wars, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realize that they're not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Mass Tech truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Mass Tech's existencial catchphrase ""We Are Mass Tech,"" which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev's Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as the Mass Tech banner unfolds itself over Lobby 7. What fools... how I pity them. 😂 

And yes by the way, I DO have a Mass Tech t-shirt. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- And even they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand.
#1747 You Greek boys look damn good! Thank you Greece!
#1748 Is it just me or are 18 year olds more down to fuck than the older crowd? Btw this the same guy who did the "fuck Harvard, mit is lit" post haha
#1749 Someone please correct me and let me know where I'm misinformed. I know I'm missing something.

I feel like some parts of MIT's AI startup movement are misguided (and that MIT isn't doing a proper job of teaching ML and educating aspiring AI entrepreneurs). I say this for 2 reasons: 

1. MIT AI/Machine Learning courses are either very theoretical (focusing on the math / nitty-gritty of certain ML algorithms) or too broad (they try to cover a ton of ML concepts / essentially take you on a journey through how ML progressed). In other words, their primary focus is on understanding models, not building them.  

2. Building your own ML models is another challenge in and of itself, but to (over)simplify things, it boils down down compiling a large (possibly unwieldy) dataset and then applying matrix multiplications, loss functions, and backpropping. Compiling the dataset takes a huge amount of time (not to mention figuring out how to label them), and then tinkering a model to "do well" on whatever the initial goal was, then going back and forth between the two, takes even longer. Not to mention that much of it is resource intensive and will have to be done on AWS. 

MIT clearly believes in AI / Machine Learning (just based on the number of new courses and the IBM partnership). My concern is that MIT may be  overemphasizing the wrong parts, focusing more on the ML models rather than the process of building everything (dataset and model) from scratch. (This could go into a whole other debate on whether its student's jobs to learn these things for themselves / whether internships should cover those aspects, but I'd like to focus more on how MIT is approaching ML).  

Basically, TLDR, MIT's way of teaching machine learning provides a good foundation for building 1-shot machine learning tools, not machine learning startups.
#1750 Hey neighbor. I'm genuinely really sorry about the loud sex. We try to wait until you're asleep but you stay up so late... Anyway, sorry again, please don't hate me 😞
#1751 potentially controversial opinion: a significant number of the us's foreign policy problems are our own damn fault
#1752 MIT's new Policy on Consensual Relationships is unfair. Basically, undergrads can't date any member of the MIT community besides other students even if that person is not in a position of power over the undergrad. Basically, the administration is now trying to decide who we are allowed to date as though we are children. That isn't the policy for graduate students.
#1753 @11979  They allowed me to exchange my brass rat for one that reflected my actual graduation year. If both years used the same supplier, it's worth a shot asking.
#1754 I've rooted for the Patriots my whole life and still can only name Tom Brady and Bill Belichick. Just because I don't keep up with sports doesn't mean I'm bandwagoning (and it would be okay if I were)
#1755 As a Plutonian I wish you Earthlings applied your dating standards to planetary classifications. Honestly it's so demeaning to be called some dwarf planet like we're your pet or something. Can't we just be called a fun-sized planet?
#1756 Some of my fraternity brothers manages to aerosolize pepper and create a chemical weapon in the kitchen all by accident. Who's the lowest of the lower tier frats now?
#1757 @ The commenters of post #11926. Y'all really don't know about Alpha Phi Alpha? Considering as though they are an international organization with over 70 thousand current members and 200 thousand past members (including W.E.B. DuBois, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and Thurgood Marshall), I figured you'd know something about them. You were even founded around the same time. But then again, you are a stand alone organization who is barely known in the Boston area, so it doesn't make sense for you to bother yourselves with the big leagues.

And to the OP, Alphas are Men of Distinction who pride themselves on scholarship, fellowship, good character, and uplifting humanity. Based on these characteristics and their blatantly disrespectful comments under your post, the boys of Nu Delta don't even have what it takes to be Alphamen.
#1758 hello, if you're gay I would appreciate you telling me before I spend weeks crushing on you :(
#1759 Help me track down the incredibly cute girl I saw walking down the infinite in a purple peacoat
#1760 @#11922 Probably not who you were calling out but on the same vein, I wish I had the guts to tell you how much you mean to me, but is probably best for us if I don't.
#1761 Its been over three years since my best friend killed herself and I still miss her everyday. ρ you will never be forgotten.
#1762 Hi. Freshman here. I've been struggling to find a microwave in/near the main building. When I bring my lunch with me, I usually end up having to walk back to my dorm to microwave it. Any suggestion please.
#1763 I dumped my ex coz he was sooo critical of how big my wardrobe was. He used to constantly argue with me about my shopping habits and how much I spent on new clothing items. I neither dragged him to Newbury St or garment district nor ever asked him for money. I always had time for him. I was loyal, faithful, loving and caring. It is my money. I can do whatsoever I please with it.
#1764 When you're on messenger and the little green light pops on, causing your heart to skip a beat because your crush is logged on. You stay online wishing that he will send you a message and your temptation to send him a message is unbearable. Then just like that the little green light goes off and you missed your opportunity to say hello to him. At that moment you also realize that you mean nothing to him because he saw that you were on and he didn't even wave. I have to admit it hurts and it hurts more when you look at the history of the last time he contacted you and it's been a month. It makes sad, I wish he knew I still have a crush on him.
#1765 "Too 5 Most Necessary People to Exterminate: 

1. Thots
2. People who don't eat Tide Pods
3. Weebs
4. Furries
5. People who unironically claim J. Cole is deep"
#1766 fuck my roommate is coming back in a few days so I have to stop fapping to ocw videos
#1767 I'm a 2011. Back in my day, we used to call course 15 the sellouts. Now it's course 6? What happened???
#1768 A girl I find cute asked me to hang out. Is it assumed to be platonic or as more?
#1769 "I feel so alone... 
I was bullied through middle and part of high school, and the only way I learned to deal with the pain was just to keep smiling...
Now that I'm in a new place, I'm so afraid to make myself vulnerable to people, and even though I try to make friends and talk to people, I never seem to be a priority in anyone's life. No one ever texts me, calls me, or asks how I am unless they explicitly want my help. People just sort of forget about me. I just feel invisible... how do I fix this? "
#1770 Does MIT Confessions filter confessions for profanities? And is it automatic?
The following post is a test
#1771 I'd love to audition for an A cappella group (Resonance) but I have no experience singing other than for and I but I'm too scared and I don't really think I'm good enough.
#1772 My girl left me when she found out my tide pods weren't for laundry.
#1773 Any former HS speech and debaters? How NSDA points did you end with? You probably had less than me.
#1774 I'm sexually attracted to Western blots.
#1775 LinkedIn is the new tinder
#1776 OP of #11853 here. Due to the number of positive responses, I've decided that I'm going to play God and match people up. You can fill out the blind date survey here: https://goo.gl/forms/Ltt4okCP1lQMkP3e2 . This is for MIT students ONLY. Happy hunting!
#1777 I came back to MIT last weekend for Mystery Hunt and saw a bunch of friends from undergrad there. I went to grad school while most of them went into industry. Our lives are so different now and I can't relate to them at all any more. It's like we're speaking two totally different languages. 
-2015 alum
#1778 What song brings you back to your childhood?
#1779 I never expected the biggest mark I would leave in Venice was pissing in the Venice Canal
#1780 stay safe out there. 
be nice to others.
we only got eachother for a lil bit
#1781 Me: Sunrise is beautiful
MIT Me: But can I harness that light for at 99% efficiency to better the human race?
Me: SIKEEEEE. I'm sleeping till 3
#1782 Yo @ MIT students can ya'll hurry up and reinvent science please or break the laws of physics? Like come on, just give me the ability to fly
#1783 I can't believe missed such a good opportunity to suck dick for the first time. :'(

- a straight guy
#1784 Would Sarah Yan be willing to go on a date with me?
#1785 I don't understand the deal with saying 'I love you' in the US. Like it COULD have been something special and all, reserved only for when you really know that person is the one. But they way you all get awkward over it just takes away even more from the words than overusing it like we may be doing in some European countries.
#1786 When you fuck your S/O 11 times in 6 days and have to declare a "sex probation"
#1787 Is anyone else outraged by the lack of vending machines in Maseeh?? Sad reacts only.
#1788 Girl walking in the infinite corridor with blue hair, keep smiling!
#1789 How many people here cook with safety goggles on?
#1790 1 good girl is worth 1000 bitches
#1791 Pros/cons to cutting my balls off?
#1792 So apparently Trader Joe's may be closing too? The fuck? Is it too much to ask that one of the largest college areas in the country have more affordable options for grocery shopping? MIT is tough as fuck and being able to make myself home-cooked meals that my parents gave me the recipes for is one of the few things that make this place bearable for me.
#1793 Every time I dance I look like a flailing walrus. Anyone have stories that'll give me hope of eventually joining a dance group on campus?
#1794 there was this really cute girl in 18.06 and my 6.004 recitation this past semester but I never figured out her name, who is she?
#1795 Yo guys once I was drunk af and was saying goodbye to my new SO to go out on the town and party some more. At that point we had JUST started dating. I accidentally said "goodbye! I love you!". That was the first time I said I love you.  I immediately ran like a block away and just fell to the floor laughing and crying. It was quite a moment. I think about that moment sometimes and think wow, we are so in love right now. What a fuggin comeback. Here's the lesson folks, if the patriots can come back from a 3-28 game in the superbowl, and I can come back from accidentally telling my new SO 'I love you', then we all can come back from anything life throws at us, whether it be a bad grade or a fight with someone you care about or a rejection from your dream job, you can come back from it. We can all come back from anything, just reach out, take care of yourself, and believe. Goodbye, I love you all
#1796 So in the latter part of the semester and these past couple days of IAP, I keep seeing this tall guy riding a penny board throughout campus, while wearing a face shield that covers his face from nose down, like what a skiier would wear. I haven't gotten a good look at his face but something about him makes him seem so mysterious and alluring...
#1797 Ajit Pai for commencement speaker
#1798 Alex Knoedler should do stand up...or the national weather forecast.
#1799 Who knew breaking up would be this brutal - I feel like a huge part of my life is suddenly missing and I don't really know why. Part of me wants to fight for you, to tell you that we built something beautiful together and that I love you and I wanna make it work because I don't know what went wrong if anything. But the other part of me feels that I gave you my heart and soul, all I had to give, and if that's just not what you want anymore, then what we built doesn't work anymore, and I can't be mad about that, no matter how much I want to be. Hopefully we can stay friends, though we'll probably never close as we were, but I guess it just is what it is.
#1800 who is that girl who goes to free skate everyday and spins around the middle, and why is she so damn fine
#1801 I have a thing for Iowa boys. Something about a boy and his corn cob gets me off 😜
#1802 Theory: Tide pods were actually made by eugenicists so that people would do the dirty work for them.
#1803 I got so sucked into the whole application process that I still find myself reading blogs on how to get in and occasionally going on CC threads even though I'm already accepted
#1804 I just want to bite my boyfriend up into small pieces and num num them out of love
#1805 I only girlfriend to my marriage because she's against proposed before sex
#1806 OP from #11001, I got rejected :'(
#1807 Ok question. If I tend to find taller men more physically attractive, does this make me racist against any race whose genetic composition makes members of that race, on average, shorter? For clarity, assume I don't have a "height cutoff" and can be attracted to shorter men for many other reasons, but height is generally a factor in my physical attraction.

Also, if I think brown eyes are very beautiful, more so than blue/green/etc eyes, am I being racist against any race whose genetic composition results in predominantly blue eyes?

At what point do I have the right to be attracted to one person over another without being racist? Why can't I be attracted to certain features more than others, if my attractions are based on those features and not on my knowledge of someone's race? And, since perhaps the genetic makeup of one race results in many people with many of the features I like, why can't I say that I'm more likely to be attracted to a member of that race? Remember, nowhere here have I said that this is a checklist. It's not that I'd *only* be attracted to people of that race. It's simply more likely because statistically there are more people with the features that attract me.
#1808 I melt whenever I hear my boyfriend talk about how excited he is to go to grad school.
#1809 Does Cyril Creque-Sarbinowski think he's being funny by spamming all of us multiple times a day with "update tetazoo glounge" ?
#1810 is William single? asking for a friend
#1811 I wanna talk to this girl but she's 6 inches taller than me.
#1812 stop writing confessions about me goddamn
#1813 "Our college confessions page got hacked, so we are going to be utilizing this google form for awhile" you're smart people hack them back
#1814 Harry Enten of FiveThirtyEight is so cute. I want to date him. Sorry MIT boys, you all have nothing on him!
#1815 Please stop staring at me like that in class, you're making me hella nervous, whenever I look around the room, your gaze is fixed at my eyes, I dunno if you're into me, or think I look weird, or for some reason just hate my guts even though we never really talked.
If you want something to happen, just walk up to me and say something, plz.

(PLEASE don't comment about how I should heed my own advice and say something; I'm not the one staring)
#1816 I've finally found someone who will just get naked and dance around to shitty 2000s pop music with me, I'm so in love ❤️
#1817 @11677: All I got from this is that I should feel bad for Wellesley, bu, etc. If all the good girls are already in relationships then definitely all the good guys are too. By your logic then, these other schools are just getting our leftover men :(
#1818 Being a guy, I never thought I'd be asked out on a date by a girl, but it actually happened to me just now.
#1819 Help!! I'm so obsessed with country music and can't listen to anything else.
#1820 Mohammad Nasir you're one of the sweetest and most caring people I've met here at MIT. You've helped me through some of my roughest times here and made me smile when things went to shit. If youre reading this, keep being awesome. The world appreciates you <3
#1821 I've had sex in the Atlas service center with 3 of the big guys that work there as greeters. 10/10 would bang.
#1822 Who the fuck thinks buying a car for IAP is a good idea? Where are you even gonna drive it-from the Dunks in the stud to the Starbucks in stata? Get your shit together, "not having time" to walk 20 minutes every day makes you sound like you work for DSL.
#1823 boys who wear their hat backwards are 100x hotter than boys who don't #fact
#1824 Hottest conservative guys?
#1825 I wonder what percentage of students are atheists compared to the rest of the population...does studying science make one less religious
#1826 I've always wanted to go on a blind date. The problem is I don't know anyone to set me up on one
#1827 I think people have to be more specific when talking about people who have European ancestry instead of just saying "white people." Issue is simple. Yeah Latino != White but even then Latino may not be specific enough. Are you talking about fair skinned Hispanics , who are quite frankly probably >75% European anyway. Cause yeah Spanish/Portuguese is Iberian and Iberian is white. A lot of Spanish have Arab, and Arab is also white soooo. You have motherfuckers in Cuba and Argentina that are like 100% European, and then you have the real og "Brown People" who are not even on social media because they're still stuck in places like Oaxaca or Arequipa. Even when talking about the whities, socioeconomic status is important cause a white guy from a ranch in Nuevo Leon != white guy from Polanco, Mexico City. Hey and honestly, I don't like the G word man. We should all respect each other. Commenters, what should we call American Whites when specificity is required such as in the Puerto Rico confession? Hmm
#1828 I just want someone to tell me they're proud of me and that they believe in me and care about/love me. I don't get that from my family and it's starting to wear at my mental health. I get jealous when my friends end a call with their parents saying "I love you too" because I don't have a person to say that to :(
#1829 Looks do matter. (I've experienced it in person over the last few years) Anyone who thinks otherwise is probably attractive and hence doesn't realize it.
#1830 Can anyone tell me if there are any salsa clubs during IAP? No, not the dip.
#1831 Taking a step back and reading international news from across the world has really put into perspective how shitty we are. Let's be honest with ourselves for once, we're the real shithole country here.
#1832 Victor Nuño Aguado Sierra is a great Travel Partner because he takes his time to enjoy museums and is up to trying new foods. (Except when he chickened out on eating chicken feet.)
#1833 It's 1:45 am now. My last semester didn't go well at all. I have done absolutely nothing for half of my IAP plans. I haven't found a job for summer yet. Today I had a dream about my family.
It's 1:45 am, and I want to see them, even if it's for an hour.
I want to go home.
#1834 I was an international student and during my junior year, my student visa renewal application was turned down. The situation snowballed into a major train wreck and I was deemed "inadmissible" for lifetime because of "willful misrepresentation" to the consulate officer, only that in my case I truly know it wasn't "willful". So here I was, stuck outside the US in the middle of my degree unable to resume classes at MIT and disconnected from 80% of all the people I knew.  I was badly depressed for a while but then gathered myself and started my blockchain startup in my home country. BTC and ETH are doing well and the hard work I put in for 3 years has started to pay off. But the two years I spent at MIT were the most fulfilling of my life and I so terribly wish I could finish my degree. My family wasn't wealthy so I couldn't really afford an expensive immigration attorney earlier, but there isn't a lawyer's fee now that I wouldn't be willing to pay to have even half a chance of getting a waiver to inadmissibility. I don't even know where to start. :/
#1835 MIT, 

You all are truly singular people, and although now you experience this through pain, someday that very same pain will be useful to you, because anything or anyone worth their space was forged through adversity. Sincerely,

-**** Perez
#1836 tfw all of phi delts has yellow fever
#1837 Yo admin. Why not just write a bot instead of wasting 15 mins of your life on a regular basis?
#1838 As a nerdy frosh guy, I set a goal of talking with a professor from each and every department in my first year here. I've chatted with 30 professors from 10 departments, to date. I've talked with sixteen assistant/associate professors and fourteen tenured professors. In general, I've had good experiences with most of the professors. The top five professors have come from 6, 9, 14, 15, and 17. The most disappointing professors have been from 8, 18, and 21. I've hung out with three professors multiple times coz they were so good. The most cute professor was from 1 whilst the kinkiest was from 11. I look forward to completing my quest, this IAP.
#1839 What is the quietest place to go on campus (especially for phone/technical interviews)?
#1840 I wish we could be friends again - you may not believe me but I genuinely considered you my best friend. I loved you so much, and I still do. I miss you more than you can ever imagine, you meant the world to me.

I'm afraid that you don't feel similarly, or even comparably. To be honest, I have no idea what you're thinking. I can only hope. I do so every day.
#1841 My boyfriend is great but sometimes does things that just make me really hurt and question his feelings for me. Actions speak louder than words. Seems like he is so comfortable in the relationship that often doesn't treat me sweetly anymore when we are together, and gets frustrated at little things I say or do. He is also externally motivated to go out and do new things with friends but doesn't seem to think that going out to do new things with me warrants that same level of effort. I really strive for a mutual level of respect and affection for one another as well as growth in the relationship. He claims to love me but I am just not feeling the care.
#1842 how do grad students meet/make friends with other grad students outside of their department? any advice very welcome
#1843 Is there anything interesting to do over IAP (not classes already doing 2). I'm going to fucking die of boredom out here
#1844 @11591, I hope that isn't true. So you've been on campus for 15 weeks of the semester and you've hooked up with 30 girls?! I hope you are okay. Don't think of the number of sororities as an excuse to (ab)use your body to perform these acts.

You and Your parents worked so hard to get you into MIT, and I don't think they would be particularly happy to hear that this is the way you spent your first semester.

Also, don't shame sororities. It's not cool. We didn't join sororities based on sexual rankings. We joined because of the people that make the culture of the house.

People can slut-shame you in the comments, but no one did.
#1845 Has anyone heard anything from the intro to C and c++ class (6.179)??? It supposedly starts Tuesday but I have no info on whos teaching (catalog says it's Anne Hunter and while that would be awesome, I don't think that's true)
#1846 Fuck Facebook's 30 sec ads playing in the middle of a 15 sec video
#1847 oh my god I'm so bad at teaching for GTL... I would roast myself in course evals if I could
#1848 girl you look thiccer than a bowl of oatmeal
#1849 Hi my name is Trey I got a basketball game tomorrow. Well, I'm a point guard, I got a shooting game.
#1850 How you get these bumps? You got eggsema?
I got what?
You got eggsema?
#1851 As an ugly senior guy, I set a goal of getting rejected by a girl from each and every sorority in my last year here. I've been rejected by 30 girls from 6 sororities, to date. I've been slapped by sixteen freshmen and fourteen non-frosh. In general, I've had terrible experiences with all of the girls. The top five girls I've asked out have come from SK, ΠΒΦ, AXΩ, KAΘ and AΦ. The most disappointing girls have been from KAΘ, AΦ and ΠΒΦ. I've crawled back to only three girls multiple times coz they were so savage. The hottest girl was from SK whilst the sassiest was from ΔΦΕ. I look forward to completing my quest, this IAP.
#1852 I thought I wanted a girlfriend but then I realized I just want someone to cook and share food with over IAP.
#1853 The only reason why I don't delete my facebook is because I'm an admin of a science meme page.
#1854 As a pretty frosh guy, I set a goal of fucking a girl from each and every sorority in my first year here. I've fucked 30 girls from 9 sororities, to date. I've fucked sixteen freshmen and fourteen non-frosh. In general, I've had good experiences with most of the girls. The top five girls I've fucked have come from ΣΚ, ΚΑΘ, ΑΦ, ΧΛΜ and ΔΣΘ. The most disappointing girls have been from ΑΚΑ, ΑΧΟ and ΑΕΦ. I've fucked only three girls multiple times coz they were so good. The most athletic girl was from ΚΑΘ whilst the kinkiest was from ΣΚ. I look forward to completing my quest, this IAP.
#1855 Is Alexander James Laiman single? He seems cute.
#1856 attracted to my IAP lecturer .. he's also an undergrad so this is ok to pursue right???
#1857 how do i be as funny as claudia? send advice please
#1858 I may be addicted to oxycodone.

I never intended for it to be like this. It started out from a prescription for an oral procedure. Having a leftover supply, I began to have some fun with it, though I maintained precautions and spaced out my use. I quickly fell in love with the feeling. I didn't realize how bad it got until now. I don't know how much longer I can hide this from everyone I know.
#1859 Need some real advice ppl
Been trying to break up with my long distance relationship for a while. She's back home while I'm here and it's just not working. Arguments, her being too needy + me being too independent. But we love each other and I call her whenever I feel lonely and she makes me feel so happy then. Really hesitant when it comes to breaking up but I feel it's time. Here's the issue: she won't let me lol. It's like whenever I bring up breaking up (in the past month) she starts to talk about how happy she will be when she sees me again/fun memories/why would we break up when we could work this out? And like that's great and all and I'm really trying guys but I can't find a way to break up like for realzies (part of me still wants to hold onto the relationship because love & stuff). Advice?
#1860 Tiesto for commencement speaker 2020
#1861 Can Camilo Espinosa choreograph to Dirty Sexy Money by David Guetta? #dreams
#1862 I just want a man who can cuddle and talk about why taxation is theft
#1863 My roomate walked in when I was touching myself, now he won't talk to me.
#1864 Road work ahead?
uh yah... I sure hope it does
#1865 As a pretty frosh girl, I set a goal of fucking a guy from each and every frat in my first year here. I've fucked 30 guys from 18 frats, to date. I've fucked sixteen freshmen and fourteen non-frosh. In general, I've had good experiences with most of the guys. The top five guys I've fucked have come from ΔΤΔ, ΘΤ, ΣΧ, ΣΑΕ and ΦΔΘ. The most disappointing guys have been from ΖΦ, ΦΚΣ and ΔΚΕ. I've fucked only three guys multiple times coz they were so good. The most athletic guy was from ΘΤ whilst the kinkiest was from ΚΣ. I look forward to completing my quest, this IAP.
#1866 
Ava Iranmanesh:- You are one hot tamale, would you marry me....Please.
A desperate single boy.
#1867 MIT confessions is like my gf: they were great in the beginning, but now they just ignore what I have to say
MIT Timely Confessions is like the girl that I actively flirt with bc she actually listens to what I have to say and is more attractive
I think I am going to dump MIT Confessions for MIT Timely Confessions
#1868 USAMO 2017 was so easy.
#1869 Any sexy Spanish boys here at MIT? And by that I mean actually from Spain.
#1870 I was able to suppress my feelings for you for a while, but now they're back. I couldn't help myself. You're just so perfect, and you don't see it :(
#1871 Is star market gonna closed forever? Sad.....nothing lasts forever
#1872 Specifically at @11478... it feels like confessions is now some open source thing that everyone's using, specifically people who don't go here... but I felt like the original purpose was confessions of students? So of course you haven't seen rejection confessions. SMH. I'd rather there be certificates required for posting
#1873 Found someone's orange belt in 1st floor of 16. Left next to Nicolas Schoffer sculpture (spaciodynamics) on 1st floor of 66.
#1874 Where all my fellow Ukranians at. Merry (late) Christmas
#1875 I graduated from Harvard back in May and am regretting the shit out of myself for not going to MIT. You guys are fucking lit, fuck Harvard.
#1876 I failed 8.01 - what are my options? I heard a retake of the final exam was offered at the end of IAP last year...
#1877 Crush thread #3 results! https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_Xou7bXDs1mLFKzrCIMMLxjuv3Xe-ojOCZxPvZJqYjk/edit?usp=sharing
#1878 There's this cute buff guy at the gym who always wears these funny shirts but how do I get him to notice me?
#1879 i want all my friends to know i have a 5.0
#1880 Did I buy a kindle just to read Fire and Fury? Maybe....
#1881 One of my fondest memories hands down is overcoming the lingering realization that I had just been discharged from McLean four weeks before the end of classes but drowning out all the noise of the last two weeks singing "You Belong With Me" at the top of my lungs....my fraternity brothers right there along with me at 3AM
#1882 Why don't any of my troll confessions get approved?
#1883 I love dogs so much. There are not enough doggos at MIT. All I want are some nice puppers to pet. Big ones,  Lil ones, Fluffy guys, Hairless guys, Short pups, Tall pups, you name it im in. Dogs are mans best friend after all and I think everyone can use some more friends. Also another concern are doggos ok in this weather? And if not who wants to start knitting or sewing or making of some kind dog sweaters and booties with me. The cold puppers need our help! But most importantly please share your puppers with true MIT community stranded in the cold many miles away from their own best friends. So if you have a doge open to petting please comment below and i'm sure flocks of people myself included will show up. 🐶🐕
#1884 I tag myself and my friends in memes about us not having our shit together but my life is actually pretty great
#1885 Coming home for 2 weeks made me realize how great my friends at mit are. Like yeah I have friends at home but I always have to make the effort if I want to hang out and often it takes a while to get a response from them whereas at school my friendships have effort on both sides.
#1886 being sexually  frustrated is my kink
#1887 Is there anyone here currently doing a double major and a double minor?
#1888 Is aca-cest a thing here at MIT? good or bad idea?
#1889 I cut you out of my life, you text me, i text back because i'm not a dick, you leave me on read? k
#1890 The word of the day is WHOLESOME. Tag your WHOLESOME friends on this WHOLESOME confession!
#1891 I had a really rough semester and I've gone through S^3 already to get extensions on my work for regular assignments but I still haven't turned them in. Does anyone know if I can still turn them in (I'm too ashamed to email my professors/TA's, I know this really should be a question for them)?? I know grades were already due, so does this mean I just fail the course? God I feel like such a failure, this has never happened before.I don't know what to do...is this the road to drop out life?
#1892 Is there anyway for underclassmen to get the Basic 10 Meal Plan? Basic 14 is so expensive and useless and I feel like a slave to it.
#1893 Sometimes going on MIT Confessions makes me feel like shit about myself in comparision to other people, but I can't stop myself from looking each time it updates
#1894 OP of 11366: @Yevhenii Diomidov I'd like to argue against the uniform distribution. International students seem to appear significantly stronger on average to a university admissions committee (both undergrad and grad) due to lots of us having shiny Olympiad medals and other achievements that's hard to get in the USA, but lack many essential things that make a student valuable as an intern / hire for a company. Plus a lot of international course 6's are sellouts from course 18 who realize they have no future in math since they are poorly prepared for the rigor, when compared to the non-international course 18's.
#1895 Websis keeps giving me fatal errors but I'm not emailing the admins cause it's giving me a healthy break from refreshing for grades
#1896 @11359 I'm really curious how common this sort of situation is? I feel like I'm in a similar situation (financially, family used to be doing not so great; parents made a lot of sacrifices and never really did anything for themselves in order to get my siblings and I the best education possible throughout our lives; money used to be hella tight;etc. But now, they're doing much better, and we live comfortably, though still without luxuries like trips or a new car and such), but I get excellent aid (tuition covered, and I cover my expenses + housing with work during the semester + my savings). All of my anecdotal experience points to MIT covering the people who need it, and the people I know not on financial aid, well, they live in giant houses and have been flying around the world all their lives; they don't seem to need it as much. Even the people I know who have gotten screwed at first were able to appeal and get things sorted out. Yet, there's been a lot of confessions/comments recently pointing to A LOT of major flaws in the system, and individual cases that were clearly poorly handled by finaid, such as yours.

I'm really curious if there's any sort of complete data/survey information out there that would give a better sense of where these flaws in the system are coming from, and how they could be addressed. Is there some common theme to all these situations that is causing a lot of people to get screwed over? Some sort of anonymized dataset that could show how finaid correlates to income/assets/etc? Does MIT release any of that information? In addition, is there any sort of study that would show if it's more common for people on or off finaid to be going hungry? Is the issue that MIT isn't accounting for every situation, or simply not giving out enough aid across the board? I'm also really curious how the liquid assets of people on or off aid compare after you take out the portion contributed to MIT (or college in general in the case of multiple kids)? this seems like a number that should be fairly similar for most people, excluding those who make far less than the cutoff to start getting less than full aid and those who make far more than that cutoff + the cost of MIT); yet it seems like there's a lot of outliers. It just seems like looking at the data and figuring out exactly where the problem is will provide the best jumping off point for then starting to go to MIT and ask for change.
#1897 Kudos to Kevin Shum for skating at the US Figure Skating Championships!
#1898 It's winter; it's cold, weather's gonna be awful, and there's barely any sunlight.
It's also cuffing season, but we all know what happens to relationships that start with cuffing season.
We should not lose track of the original problem; it's cold, and it's hella more comfortable to cuddle with someone while you're sleeping.
I propose something similar to DTF; DTC: no-strings-attached platonic cuddling.
What do the masses seriously think?

For the meantime, hmu at cuddly@mit.edu for pre-alpha testing ;)
#1899 Jacynth, why did you ghost me?
#1900 When you're waiting to get back from break to confess your love for someone so until then the affection just bursts in your heart <3
#1901 Maybe I'm insecure, but every time I hear "I love you" from you I always question if you really mean it.
#1902 Not sure if I should reach out and Facebook message you again... I've been trying to call you for over an hour. I was so excited to be with you at the beginning of break. You still hold a special place in my heart, but now that I'm so far from MIT and you never respond, all I want is to never see you again. Fuck you Icelandair!
#1903 *hits blunt* What happens when the person who runs confessions graduates? Like is It passed down secretly?
#1904 seriously, where's the best place to donate stuff on/near campus? i'd like to be sure that my old (but good quality) clothes, equipment, etc. can actually go to someone in need
#1905 How many blasian couples are there at MIT? Asking for a friend
#1906 I don't think there's anything more attractive than a guy who can write a poem with his eyes, and build a world with his heart.
#1907 Reddit is a great resource that more people should be aware of–r/eatcheapandhealthy, r/frugal, r/sex, r/relationships, r/dating_advice, r/askwomen, r/askmen, r/fitness in particular. Google search to your heart's content :)
#1908 Life is short. Keep your loved ones close. Hug your friends every time you go. Kiss your family goodbye even if you are leaving for an hour. Tell everyone you love that you love them, and make sure they never forget. Don't ever leave with things on a bad note. You just never know when you are going to see someone for the last time. Life is just too precious to undervalue friendship, family, and love.
#1909 jason ku is the hottest frat boi at MIT
#1910 my guilty pleasure is intentionally leaving people on read just to feel powerful
#1911 You obviously led me on. You flirted with me before we made out and you suggested we go out to a restaurant the following day. If going out to a restaurant isn't a date under these circumstances, then I don't know what is... We then made out the following day when we couldn't go on the restaurant date and after I revealed some private stuff to you, you said it couldn't work out because it 'dawned upon you' we live far even though you knew where I went to college from the moment you walked in the door. You should have thought this out because I'm pissed you fucked with my emotions.
#1912 @Rishad Rahman, OP from #11210 here.
I wasn't sure if I should reach out through Facebook messenger or not, but I just wanted to thank you for sharing your experience and words of encouragement. I've reached out to friends regarding my depression and doubt, but nobody has ever encouraged me so much as you have. Thank you so so much for helping me realize that I matter and reinforcing the fact that I need to do what's best for me. In addition, thank you for letting me know that I am not alone in battling against depression, and that I can do it. 
I am truly thankful for your words and I hope you can find your niche soon :)
#1913 Getting swole didn't help me make friends
#1914 I think my boyfriend is going to cheat on me during IAP and I don't know what I'll do if he really does
#1915 Is it bad to have a crush while in a relationship?
#1916 What's the best way to figure out if a guy likes you back?
#1917 I hate that we are six timezones apart.
#1918 What's the accepted upon way of approaching a stranger on campus (like in a class or the stud or library) whom you'd like to get to know (platonically or romantically)?
#1919 I've made it a tradition to not check my grades and just wait to see if CAP emails me.....If they don't then I've somehow managed C's again. bless. So I feel ya #11176
#1920 i need to meet more gay women i am so reADY TO BE CUFFED IF ONLY I KNEW WHERE YALL ARE HIDING
#1921 #11172 I too have had issues finding monogamy in the gay community :( as a queer woman it's somehow been super difficult to find. I understand the struggle~
#1922 Where the parties at during IAP?

- Juicy Juice
#1923 Do MIT Confessions, Timely Confessions, Memes, and Overheard Admins all know the identities of the others?
#1924 @my earlier confession about being jealous of people who were lonely but then come here, find a group, and blossom:

Constantly looking for a group like this ruins the magic.  It's not supposed to be something you look for--following your path, it just happens.  It's kind of like how in a lot of stories, a protagonist finds they're magical and then finds a world that loves them.  By the finale, they grow in power, and personally.  They never hopped world trying to find a place, and that is true for many people here. There are many goofballs or small town students who are accepted into a FSILG or student group that fosters and loves them like this.  They never went out of their way to find them; it just happened. 

So yeah. I need to keep looking for groups. But as I get older, I will never be in the role of the little one, the mentored freshman, that needs to be taken care of. I need to harden, because people will expect a junior to coddle, not be coddled. I will never have this magical transition so many people have here, and it eats away at me because I missed this fun development process they got through no effort of their own.
#1925 Any other students at MIT play Runescape? Old School, of course. Type your usernames in the comments.
#1926 @11227 You should say something...I don't want to leave MIT with the way we left things either. Try reaching out?
#1927 You're annoying and creepy. Throughout this semester you've kept hitting on me but I don't like you and I don't even want to be friends.
#1928 Now that cuffing season is in full effect do I have to wait until Spring to hook up?
#1929 Tag someone who spends too much time on MIT Confessions...
#1930 I will literally explode if my grades aren't released in the next day.
#1931 is there a desi queer community at mit? all the brown people I meet seem super straight and I just want a nice indian girl in my life
#1932 My parents are so damn controlling... ahh im my own person!!!
#1933 Damn, I'm just tryna get a job at the Krusty Krab after graduation. 😤😪
#1934 I'm so fucking bored I just want to get back to MIT. How did I ever live here?
#1935 I miss all my bois
#1936 I would do anything for you. But I didn't do one thing. I didn't ask you out.
I dreamed of you again last night. This time it was a sad one. It seems I cannot get over you.
-xyz
#1937 How do you get to know grad students (specifically master students that work in your urop lab) better??? There's this really spicy aero guy and I need some tips
#1938 Does anyone else have stomach pain that gets so bad it is difficult to drink water? I have been dealing with this for well over a year now and it seems to only get worse, I have gone to medical multiple times and only gotten a blood test but nothing has been diagnosed or perscribed and it has been ruining me academically with how often I get sick. I only just managed to get off warning by eating only one meal a day at night so I don't get sick throughout the day. I just don't know what to do and my quality of life is becoming more and more trash and I can't get to a doctor back home. Wtf do I do
#1939 I was just having lunch with a friend who goes to a state school and to the person who thought that those who go to community colleges are a drain on society, you're wrong. Most of my friends from high school are going to community colleges or state schools and I would argue they're more intelligent and aware than some of the hard-headed students at elite colleges are. They're majoring in astrophysics, engineering, etc. One of my friends reads multiple books in a day and another has learning disabilities but is majoring in nursing with straight A's. We seem to think we're better than those who go to state schools and community colleges because we're at MIT or whatever private university in the surrounding area. Maybe we're the ones who need to check ourselves and get out of our bubbles.
#1940 I just want to send a huge shout out to my main man Kolby Danner. This guy is the bomb.com and he's literally the best, he's been going through some rough times but I know I can always depend on him to pull through, even for some matzas
#1941 I kinda love confessions because I can post several times about the same person and the scummy shit they did, leaving everyone else to laugh/ wow react while the posts' subject squirms because they know it's about them.
#1942    01000001    When you said things like, call me "wifey," when we playfully looked at engagement rings, and at our future house together, I felt so warm and comforted inside, I felt at home. I wish I had shared that more, I wish I had been more vocal. On the other hand, when you unilaterally said that you would leave the country when you were done, or that you expected your partner to be the sole financial provider, I felt no longer part of the conversation, I felt cut out of your future. I wish I shared my insecurities, concerns, and desires, I wish I didn't pull away. 
I don't see how a new year can start without you. I don't see how time can continue without you… For me time has stopped, and I can't start it up again…   01000001
#1943 How many asian guy, white girl couples are there at MIT?
#1944 Can't help but feel like I won't be able to get an internship with my shitty GPA. It looks hard to get by when everything at MIT, from mental health to S3, seems so grade-focused. It's honestly weighing on me, hard, because I don't want to take some ""measurement of academic learning"" as something with intrinsic value to human worth, yet I can't help but look at my performance and feel like it commandeers my life.

On the flip-side, I might be naive or ignorant as hell - break my fucking biases (if this is a bias), and show me the light (if it exists).
#1945 Econ friends, which to take: 14.01 or 14.03? Please help
#1946 I wish I had someone to cuddle and sleep with at night. Not in a weird way. Just to hug and fall asleep on.
#1947 i have a major crush on Audrey Li she's so pretty and amazing
#1948 I just got my first C here in an essential class for my major and feel like dropping out. I know everyone says it's okay but it's not. I tried so hard and if this is the result then why try at all.
#1949 Alum here. After working for a year at a cushy Course 6-related job and coming home for the holidays, I decided to catch up with some of my old high school friends that I used to be really close to. We still crack the same old jokes at each other and have a good time overall, but I find myself wanting to avoid talking about my new comfortable lifestyle, as many of them have struggled to find a job that they enjoy or relates to their major or doesn't exhaust them. I understand that this is the reality for most people and I appreciate the opportunities I've been given in this lifetime so far, but it hurts to see my old friends struggling to get by with jobs that they hate and/or wear them out mainly because of the different opportunities that were presented to us at the relatively young age of 17-18.
#1950 Please come back from break early, it's cold here and I want to cuddle.
#1951 "Son, how did you get into MIT? You're a dumbass" 
Overheard at Christmas dinner
#1952 I wish I could have said goodbye, just once after things had cooled off. (1,1)
#1953 I hate myself. Why am I such a failure at everything.
#1954 I'm painfully afraid my significant other is faking being into me, or one day they'll wake up and realize how awful I am and leave me. I know this isn't a healthy mindset, I just don't know what I'd do if that happened.
#1955 I think I'm in love with my roommate
#1956 When you try to hit up your crush on dtf but they're not there :/
#1957 I am having a big crush on a guy. He looks so cute and he's exactly my type. I knew he has a boyfriend, and I am just patiently waiting for them to break up. But I recently learned that they are in an open relation, which is a big turn-off for me. I don't think I would be fine sharing my boyfriend with anyone else and I am just feeling so sad right now. This is not my first time that I fall for someone in an open relation. Is monogamy just non-existent in the gay world?
#1958 I'm a black woman that wants to date other black women at MIT but the community is small fam...
#1959 I am so terrified that I may have actually failed a class that I have avoided checking my grade on the final or opening websis even though I know grades are up. Guess the CAP will let me know soon enough.
#1960 honestly just miss a good college frat party right now.
#1961  If I struggled with 6.0001 psets last semester should I not pursue being a course 6 major?
#1962 I feel so innocent for this world !
Can you be the "Wolf of Wall Street" while still being an "Innocent Sheep" at the same time ?
#1963 I'm a better person after embracing the hoe life.
#1964 I had to google "wtf is cuffing season" because of all y'all's thirst. I honestly thought it was some new frat/sorority thing until I realized the confessions about it had been going on way too long for that.
#1965 marie de azevedo more like marie de avocado
#1966 Is UPOP actually worth doing? There are classes I wanna take and things I wanna do during IAP, but a full week of 9-5 is a lot of time commitment and it means I have to give up the class(es) that conflict with that time..
#1967 So I enjoy thinking about ways to die and ways to kill people. But I know for a fact I'd never do it; I just like thinking about it. I've probably thought of 30 different ways to spontaneously kill myself or others along the walk from dorm row to lobby 7. It's interesting, and sparks my imagination in the mornings.
#1968 The year is 6006. The world has collapsed since all available computing power has been allocated to posting the 6.006 Fall 2017 final grades. The world's top scientists have estimated that the grades will be available on WebSIS shortly after the heat death of the Universe.

There was once hope that the onset of quantum computing would hasten the process, but all researchers have died in the meantime. A small group of survivors clings on to hope and makes a yearly pilgrimage to the ruins of MIT to check the last computer not being used to post grades. This year they check Piazza.

"Will there be final regrades?"

'No'

Average Response Time: 439 years.
#1969 If you date someone in cuffing season does that mean you have to break up in the spring?
#1970 i wish i was a senior with a job lined up. then i could just get drunk every night with my frat
#1971 Who is the real class of 2021 meme God - Faraz Masroor or Jesus Solis? The most histort debate since Wednesday, my dudes.
#1972 mit got some snakes tbh
#1973 bts for spring fest
#1974 How common is a 5.0 ? I've never met anyone with a 5.0 during my time here
#1975 I hate winter break.
#1976 Anyone here for break want to do a Harry Potter Movie-thon over the next few days?
#1977 We're on break and I know you're busy, so I don't want to bother you. But we left each other with many words left unsaid, and I'm itching for the day that we're both back on campus so that we can figure out where we're headed.
#1978 I miss my girlfriend.
#1979 Is Lillian Bu single? Asking for a friend.
#1980 tag the people you met this year who've made your 2017 better <3
#1981 I've never been asked out in my life, and it makes me feel like there's something terribly wrong with me. I just want a sweet, nerdy guy to notice me.
#1982 The guy from Putz with the muscle tee is my eye candy.
#1983 I seriously have a thing for the tall white MechE senior from East Campus.
#1984 I love you Antonella Masini ❤️
#1985 Whenever I can't find the saltshaker I just go to the 6.006 Piazza instead
#1986 I have a serious crush on my 5.111 TA.
#1987 I wanna have a threesome with Tom Brady and Jimmy Garoppolo
#1988 Having a crush on your best friend sucks so much. When I ask you, my best friend, out on a date, it's not another person you sorta know asking you out: you don't understand how much I have agonized on the inside, consulted with friends, driven myself to madness, and repeated all the reasons to myself why I should back down and not risk this friendship. To say I have thought long and hard about whether to ask you out is an understatement. So I'm sorry that if after a couple of dates when you say you don't want to continue I am far more emotionally devastated than you could ever understand. And you may think you're helping by giving me space and retreating out of my life, but if you're going to do that, at least say that you are instead of leaving me wondering what I did wrong and confirming the biggest fear about asking you out: that I would lose my best friend. You don't understand the pain I go through every time you say you're not free to hang out, every time you don't want to sit next to me in class, and every time it's made obvious that I care about reestablishing our best friendship way more than you do. I'm over you romantically, but I'm not over losing my best friend. Please do something to show me that you still care
#1989 There's a few of Baker 1E residents in relationships but one in particular has really loud sex to the point where I know the guys name. But I'm not even throwing shade bc they honestly seem to have a great sex life. But I'm always wondering what they're doing bc before & (I think) after they like die laughing.
#1990 I am tired of all these confessions about people having a hard time making friends. It makes me so sad. Would people rather have some quick but possibly controversial tips for friend making or would you rather have like a group with a combo of people who want more friends and people who have a hard time making friends. Because I am going to make it happen.
#1991 Turns out almost everyone I thought was my friend hates me.  And all I can say is I am sorry I didn't know.  And yes I really am that clueless.
#1992 I want to join the DSA but I'm an international student
#1993 Have you ever wondered if some of your friends were really just sardines dressed in a human costume? Because you definitely should.
#1994 Is it bad the only notable thing about me is that I've seen Zootopia literally fifteen times?
#1995 i hope prof mattuck is actually enjoying his christmas instead of reading our mathematical diahrrea
#1996 I don't know why I'm pre-med at MIT.
#1997 Tag your 6-1 friends here to remind everyone that they do exist!
#1998 i haven't eaten 3 meals/day for so long. thanks mom for making me food :')
#1999 Would you change your behavior if you knew that the universe was conscious?
#2000 I'm going to tell my crush my feelings for her this IAP - wish me luck :/
#2001 Pro tip: don't take 6.920. If you switch to 18c, take cpt there, and then switch back to 6, you won't have to write the stupid report.
#2002 every time a video or webpage can't load, i think it's because net neutrality is gone lmao
#2003 Thank you to everyone who made everyone else's semester great! The results of the appreciation form are in!

https://goo.gl/V4qR2f
#2004 Hey, I just opened my door, and found a Star Market bag, so here's my number, call me maybe <3
#2005 In the midst of this awful place I found someone I might actually want to spend my life with. Isn't that crazy?
#2006 Already more stressed from 12 hours at home than I was from 15 weeks in hell
#2007 when ur such trash you need scissors to open a bag of chips
#2008 Is course 6 generally easier than other majors because there's so many people in it? Or am I just really good at course 6 and picked the wrong major? Or is it because people with experience writing proofs just naturally dominate the course 6 math classes because most people in it are bad at writing proofs since they're not math majors?

I mean course 6 looks fun and if I am actually just good at it, then I kind of want to switch, but I feel like I should figure it out first...
#2009 i didn't realize how much i would miss seeing you until we both went home. you won't be here for IAP, and i hope you won't forget about me when you're back because i think what we have developing is really special
#2010 My friend failed all his subjects, this semester. And here I am crying about that one C I got.
#2011 wow i forgot how much i dislike my family, please get me back to mit asap
#2012 I have more stress about my crypto investments than I did during the semester :(
#2013 Does anyone know if Junot Diaz is teaching a class in the spring?
#2014 tbh, every time I see the rabbits around campus I start craving rabbit stew
#2015 My fraternity brothers and I were really bored at 2 AM, so we decided to look up everyone's names on Urban Dictionary. I have a pretty unusual name so I wasn't expecting anything, but to my surprise there was a pretty detailed "definition" with compliments relevant to me. On top of that, it had been posted on my birthday.

Urban Dictionary user "Stinky Stan", I don't know who you are but you're a real bro.
#2016 I met a girl who brought genuine joy to my life, something I have been missing for a miserably long time. This may just be me being abnormal, but I never say too much out of fear that people might think I am being weird or stupid and it feels like I am just bottling this unbearable depression. Never knowing if I am saying the right things or if I am really included in the group. This girl though, I just felt comfortable with. I felt like I could say what I wanted to say and I could trust her not judge me and accept me for the weirdo I am. We started talking more and more frequently and each time we talked I enjoyed myself a little more. I started liking her, but I guess I caught the feels too quick and the feeling wasnt mutual. I found out later that she apparently already liked someone else and the more I think about it the more laughable i think it was for me to think I had a chance. But I still like her and I don't know what to do with these bent up feelings. I just want to tell her how much she means to me, but who wants a person, whom they already told they dont like them, confessing to them out of nowhere. I can only hope to catch a glimpse of her in the halls on the way to classes now. I want to get over her, but I cant.
#2017 @10896 Many people use "male" and "female" to talk about sex (ie "Do you produce sperm or eggs?") and "man" and "woman" to talk about gender (ie "How do you identify and what is your role in society?"). Not all conversations are okay with genitalia mentions (penis-haver/vagina-haver may be inappropriate), and this isn't always talking about assignments at birth (so AFAB/AMAB don't fit).
#2018 L=Iw
#2019 This last semester was my best semester at MIT, and I don't hesitate to tell family that when they ask how the semester was. My semester GPA was a 3.5, though, and I can't help but feel like a fucking moron. All the time and effort spent, mental and sometimes physical suffering, and I have a fucking 3.5 semester GPA to show for it, with a lower cumulative GPA to boot...
#2020 tl;dr: i'm a relatively affluent person and boy oh boy does money = privilege, this is something i try to be constantly aware of because it has made such a huge difference in my life

I wanted to throw my two cents into the discussion about wealth and privilege, so here goes. My family is relatively affluent, and we live in a pretty well-off town. Both my parents grew up poor, so they've worked to make me aware of how much of a difference money can make. In some sense I've always been aware of this privilege - that I've grown up not having to worry about food and medical treatment and etc. I knew that even when family members were dealing with alcoholism and cancer and depression, we could afford to get them the help they needed. Even though it was awful to see people you love struggle with these problems, it felt like something was being done to help. So I've known that my family and I are extremely lucky to have the access to what we need.
But I wasn't really confronted with this until I came here. I was surrounded by people who were all roughly in the same income bracket as me for most of my pre-college life. After coming to MIT, I think I fully realized that class privilege isn't about the conspicuous consumerism or using the money you have at all. It's all the other things that come as a consequence of just having money - the security in times of trouble and access to resources because you're in the right places.
Because the town I lived in is pretty well-off, we had a really solid public school system - my family never felt the need to pay for private schools or tutoring, because between my own initiative and the support I had in these schools, I got a pretty solid education. I was able to take advanced classes and do research and intern at a company before coming here just by virtue of being in that town and meeting people there. I ASE'd a bunch of subjects because I had had the chance to take higher level math and science classes in high school, which is an opportunity other people just didn't have. Even if I didn't bribe my way into those classes and worked hard to test into them, the reason they were there at all is because my school was funded by the taxes that people in my town pay. I didn't have to pay a dime once I was in the school system, but just by being able to afford to live in that town I got a leg up on people who couldn't and thus ended up in worse schools. I've met people here who didn't have a fraction of the access to education that I did, and it really made me step back and think about the tremendous privilege that I have and how much easier it was for me to get here. That's not to say it was easy at all - but it definitely was easier.

MIT really made me realize that class privilege is not as much about the money itself as it is about the access and support that just having money immediately gets you. Nobody is saying that because you're wealthy your life is rainbows and sunshine (although it might be, and in that case I'm really happy for you). Your problems aren't less valid that anyone else's. It's just also important for you to realize that other people have problems you just have never had to deal with and cannot probably begin to comprehend. And you've had access to things and support that other people haven't had even though they probably really could have used it, and that's huge. Just think about it a little bit.
#2021 I'd go gay for Reif.
#2022 Finally did my laundry.
#2023 I love blankets. They're so soft.

I love soft hoomans too.
#2024 As a person from a lower socioeconomic class, I feel intensely compelled to get everything I can out of my college experience. I want to study what I've always wanted to (physics, what got me into this school), and I want to avoid a bad socioeconomic situation afterwards so I'm studying for a CS minor. 

I feel like this is pretty unhealthy for me in its current form. A physics major is already pretty hard, and I'm pretty sure I have to study more than most other people to do decently well. Then doing the CS minor on top of that drains most free time I otherwise have left over (I also had no CS background at all, and worse math than most, so those CS assignments also probably take me longer). So then I'm missing out on other things I enjoy doing with my free time. But I feel like if I don't get the CS minor and a physics undergrad degree doesn't cut it (in case grad school doesn't work out, which might be the case right?), then a physics undergrad degree is meh and I might have not gotten as much of an improvement in my socioeconomic situation as I'd have wanted. So I feel like I absolutely have to study CS if I want to get a physics degree.

The alternative is to ditch the physics degree, study something more lucrative (probs CS), and take some physics classes I want to. But that's ditching everything I've worked for to get here in the first place, since I've just really wanted to do grad school physics research since mid-high school. ;( It's a dilemma. Anyone have tips?
#2025 @10718: First of all, the caricature of rich people you have is just insulting (it reads like a joke-- "waves of profuse love" lol my parents hate me and would have disowned me if they could). And how can you blame someone for wanting to help their kids as much as possible? You wouldn't get your kid a job through connections if you could? Should people that are less unfortunate than you hate you just because you're more fortunate than them? If you let the unfairness of life annoy you you're going to spend a lot of time being annoyed. 
I don't know what the point of your post was so it's hard to respond but that sort of perspective is not going to be helpful in making whatever progress you hope to make in life."
#2026 s/o to rose wang for putting the 18.600 team on her back in the piazza the night before the final
#2027 Sometimes I wonder if I'm the only one who incorporates twitch emotes into an actual conversation  by using them as words.
#2028 I spend the whole semester loving this one class. I really loved the professor too. Now that I saw my grade. I don't think I like my professor any more.
#2029 What's better - being brutally honest or hiding your true opinions?
#2030 I never knew what being in love was like until I realized it was why I always felt a tug at my heart every time I see you smile.
#2031 I can't wait to retreat into antisocialness when I get home
#2032 after 8.02 final last year: alright I did this I feel confident in myself, that wasn't too bad

after 8.03 final this year: i have stared down the abyss, and it gazed back at me
#2033 I love the freshmen on my floor, they all have such funny and unique personalities! So proud of them getting through their first semester~
#2034 how much fuck can a final fuck if a final fucking fucks? I final fucks all the fucks a final fucks if a final fucking fucks.
#2035 If people ever said I was a good coder, it was only because I knew how to Frankenstein together other people's codes well.
#2036 Does anyone know the secret regarding how the students placed a police car on top of the dome?
#2037 FUCK FINALS
#2038 Response to #10741: Also an incoming '22 here; assuming that we're talking about the same person, the cheating involves grades and falsification of extracurricular activities. I feel like I should report it, but without concrete proof (just that most students verbally know that this person is cheating) it becomes a "their word against my word" type of situation. I don't want to create problems for myself by reporting this, especially if it looks like I attacked them without reason. Is there any way to deal with this or is it best to let karma do its job and assume that if he had to cheat to get into MIT, then he will likely not do well at MIT?
#2039 I like this guy but I'm not sure what he thinks. We get along well when we're together and sometimes he just hugs me but I'm always the first person to talk or the first person to ask to hang out. Should I ask him what he's thinking or leave it be? I'm scared he'll avoid me if I push too hard.
#2040  Wow. Not being on P/NR is gonna suck.
#2041 Over CPW I made a fool of myself by introducing myself to Ian Bouche with his own name because I'd previously facebook stalked him. Since then I've made every effort to NOT speak to him or suffer from the ghost of embarrassment passed, but in reality I really want to be friends with him bc we have a similar music taste and we both speak spanish and stuff big SIGH
#2042 In the midst of finals procrastination, pls take a moment to fill out this useless survey about our willingness to walk to places https://goo.gl/forms/Nxj9V8HPuJjYpFq72 thanks friends.
#2043 To the people who ride around on skateboards in the middle of the halls and street while obnoxiously attempting to play harmonica. Shut up. Get out of my way. Grow up. Find some new less intrusive way to beg for attention.
#2044 if girs can be taken on PNR, why can't they be taken on P/D/F? that's kinda unfair
#2045 Prefrosh here! I was absolutely obsessed with another school till I got into MIT and tbh I love everyone in the '22 groupme so much that I'm losing all motivation to even apply there anymore. I'm an athlete and the coach for that other school convinced me in the summer not to commit to an Ivy and said I should try to get into the harder but more tech-y schools that I love way more, so they're kinda the reason I'm here now. They coach is really rooting for me so I kinda feel like I'd be letting them down if I don't at least try to get in, but I also can't even bring myself to even write a good "why this school" essay. Helppp
#2046 I'm male-bodied and love presenting fem, but my sexual preference is mostly for the female-bodied. I'd like to try hooking up with female-bodied people, but while I haven't had any luck, I worry that they assume I'm gay when I present fem and so lose interest. Is this worry unfounded?
#2047 The most course 6 thing I've ever seen is my boyfriend this weekend editing an html because he doesn't have photoshop
#2048 Why is there an unwritten rule about not saying or thinking MIT isn't that hard? I'm sleeping more than I ever did in high school, I have so much more free time than I ever did in high school, my mental state is so much better than it ever was in high school but I feel like even when I'm asked these questions directly I can't be honest with my answers since someone will get mad or offended.
#2049 @10702 Yo, respectfully, f*ck that. My 3rd party vote was just as valid as a vote for Hillary or Trump. Trump supports say a 3rd party vote was a vote for Hillary, Hillary supporters say it was a vote for Trump. It can't be both ways. Also, a Hillary presidency wasn't exactly a great option either. I see my vote for neither of them as a screw you to the system (obviously who I voted for wasn't going to win, it wasn't about that). It's about time we stop only having two choices, and that's never going to happen if people just continue to choose the lesser of two evils. And before you make the old argument ""if you didn't vote for Hillary you don't care about minorities"", know that I am a proud queer woman of color. 

(@admins I'd really like this posted so if you need to take out the first sentence to do that go ahead :/ but please don't if you don't have to....don't post this request part tho)
#2050 just wanted to steal Brandon Leitch's comment and post it as a confession because it's sO GoOd everyone has to read it:
"If you truly believe that just being nice to someone should necessarily lead to a relationship, you're doing the whole thing wrong."
#2051 Tommy Strei in that 'College' sweatshirt is goals. I know he's in delts but is he fratty as fuck, though?
#2052 I'm not doing okay this semester, mentally, and all I want to know is, do things get better? At least during the time that I'm on break? Because I honestly don't know what I'll do if things get worse. Today I found myself saying "You're going to be okay, it's just a Tuesday. Oh wait, it's not a Tuesday.... It's just a mental Tuesday." I've thought things I couldn't even write on confessions, and all I want to know is, do things get better.
#2053 I didn't get an A+ on the 6.002 final.... oh well. Will companies get mad if they see that I only have an A instead of an A+ in the class?
#2054 how do rando freshmen get top tier tech internships...ok some of them have a lot of prior experience but the ones i'm referring to don't. they're literally taking 6.0001. they literally didn't know they were doing CS until they came here and weren't even that good at math before.
#2055 I sure hope he checked out my ass because I've been dying to wear this outfit for weeks and put a lot of effort in this look. Just for him.
#2056 How do I tell a company I want to machine learn in someone else's cloud :(
#2057 Yo, crush.mit.edu is bullshit. I have crushes on people and their names don't even come up. Like wtf are you saying? These people don't even exist? So much for being a site for spreading love. FU
#2058 Having mixed feeling about making out with those EC sophomore guys last night...they were both hot but this makes me "that" alum and I feel so old......but being told you taste good is always a plus.
#2059 I know your super wild, in a prodigious way, and that your girlfriends are dudes, but some of us have a thing for you and since you're amazingly charming to all of us we are befuddled by your kind gestures.  I believe I have misinterpreted your friendship and I'm broken hearted by it. I must say there are many things about you that make you stand out from any other girls I have met. I don't know where you get that spirit, energy and love for life. I enjoy how you bring laughter and great conversation to the table. As difficult as it is to write, only because I care for you, as a friend I suggest you focus on the serious candidates and stop spreading yourself thinly amongst the amount of guy friends that you have. I guarantee you these lucky guys who have an opportunity to call you theirs have mixed emotions with your actions towards all your other friends. Guys are guys, they like to talk and would not like for your rep to be attacked. I know you are not about that one bit, and you deserve to be respected, which I would totally do if you had me, but as a friend I would like for you to be more cautious. Trust me, the guy friends you have now will continue  to be your friends because you're you. I for one are one of those friends. Maybe someday you will see me in the same way I see you. If your perspective crushes don't see what a diamond you are, they are absolute tomfools. I for sure see the radiant light that you emit. Only a few days left before you leave and it sucks you won't be around for six weeks, but I can't wait to hear about your travels to San Diego and Israel. I'll anxiously be awaiting your return.
#2060 I gotta say that I'm addicted to the adrenaline rush that you get when you try to cram 500 slides in 3 hours before the exam.
#2061 So I thought I was retarded, turns out just dyslexic.
#2062 Harvard and MIT remind of Messi and Cristiano. Harvard is like Cristiano: Richer, more famous, more marketable and more braggadocious. MIT is like MESSI: still famous but less well-known, more low profile and humble. Like in the case of Messi and Cristiano, people argue who's the better between the two.
#2063 If MacG had a clothing optional entry, I would switch immediately, just saying
#2064 20.110 TA Catherine is bae I have such a girl crush on her omg
#2065 One of the things that makes me really sad is when I read people write things like "*place* has been where I met my friend and community etc etc" because I realize that I have never experienced this. I've never been able to go somewhere where I blossomed and found true loving companionship, and it makes me endlessly jealous to see that other people have had such fun formative experiences, especially when they met their significant others through said experiences.
#2066 One of the first guys I met when I came here was Elian Malkin during orientation and REX activities. That accent. That face. I think we had a chance of being good friends. Unfortunately  I have not had the opportunity to see him again since and I don't think I ever will. And even if I do, I will be too shy to approach him. I just remembered him because I saw him comment on a post on Facebook. Stay beautiful.
#2067 In the season of giving credits to everyone who made this semester more bearable, let's not forget the sacrifices of all those roommates who would spend their time elsewhere while we're having sex with our SO.
#2068 is mit confessions a stack or a queue?
#2069 Incoming 2022 here. I know someone who falsified information on their MIT application and was accepted. I just can't see them as deserving of their spot. What should I do?
#2070 As a straight male, I wish I got pussy but usually I just settle for getting dick instead
#2071 The real struggle of MIT is that there are way too many people that I want to hang out with and get to know and not nearly enough time.
#2072 Whoever was the guy that was working at one of the 6th floor desks at Barker, please control your temper. I get that you're stressed but this is a quiet study space. Slamming your fists on the desk or screaming curse words isn't helping anyone, including yourself. Next time, get up and talk a quick walk/breather to calm yourself down. Be considerate of those around you.
#2073 Whenever I go to parties I'm really excited to see my friends and have lit music, but it's super suffocating being one of the only sober people there. I don't drink because of personal reasons, and I always instantly regret going, but I still go because I just want to feel included.
#2074 Wencong Wang is really nice and cool!!
#2075 My frat has yet to tell our freshman pledge class about the bedbug infestation in our house.  It's in the beds and the walls and it's impossible to get out.  I guess they'll find out when they move in next year.
#2076 So I recently switched from Course V to Course X (ok kind of recently) and it's kind of like being born. One moment you're in your mom's womb just chilling and warm and understanding what's going on, and then the next you're in this really weird place and you have no idea what is going on and you just want to go back and start crying.
#2077 honestly, not having my argument taken seriously just because i happen to be white and male bothers me
#2078 Noah Shields can't ride a bike
#2079 Neil Aggarwal is so talented what a singer what a performer WHAT A GUY
#2080 I'm the high school student who confessed here many moons ago in Confession #5980 (that was sophomore or freshman year, I think). 

I'm a HS senior now, heading into finals and about to submit my MIT app. Got my scores back and have already reported them. 

Just wanted to thank the commenters from that post for saying what they said about applying and stuff. It really gave me the gumption and backbone to just do what I wanted with my ECs and not be too highstrung with the profiles and stats and all that. My essays are pretty honest and from the heart. All that's left is to press the submit button and let the folks in admissions handle the rest. 

Even if I get rejected, it'll be fine. I did and studied what I liked in high school and am happy that I tried for a great school like MIT.
#2081 I am a TA and it makes me sad when students in the class come and tell me they learned more from me than the professor. Of course I appreciate their kind words, but that's not the way things are supposed to be. 

MIT spend all this effort focusing on research and ignoring teaching quality. I only fell in love with the subject I am TAing because I had an amazing professor. The fact that the school kills students' interest in subjects with bad professors is depressing. One of the saddest things in life is wasted talent.
#2082 i need to be friends with guys who have less sex than me so i feel better about myself
#2083 Everytime my boyfriend ditches me for his friends. I want to tell him to wake up. I'm not gonna be here forever. It's hard swallowing my pride and trusting he will figure it out on his own. So much precious time is passing us by. I mean, you say you rather be with me, more than anyone in the world. That I put your soul at ease. But as soon as they call, you leave to go smoke weed and eat. Tell me what should I believe? But I love you anyway.
#2084 I am a new Research Intern at MIT. What do I do to meet new people, socialize, and make friends? Sports clubs, classes, or something else?
#2085 please. indoor voices in the libraries. especially in the lead up to finals. because who knows what angery sleep deprived students might do when...provoked...
#2086 i havent had sex in so long i just got turned on plugging my headphones into my computer
#2087 i don't know who sadhika is but this puzzle hunt is slowly killing me...i've spent hours on the second puzzle and have no idea how to go forward. anyone have tips?
#2088 My best friend just got deferred by MIT and I just feel so guilty because she's so much smarter than I am and yet I got in. I'm obviously ecstatic about getting in but at the same time I feel like this process just confirmed that it's pretty much a random crapshoot and getting in is about whether or not you happened to be lucky.
#2089 2018 Class Council, I have never been more ashamed of any of my elected representative. Rigging the publicity chair election so that your friend would win? That's not how democracy works, and I'm so ashamed to even be associated with the Class of 2018 right now. Shame on all of you.
#2090 Where's my Anthony?
#2091 Just wondering, how safe is it to use tinder for hookups?? Might be me being overly scared but i'm somewhat scared of being murdered or having an organ removed if i go over to the place of a stranger i matched with on tinder. 
-from a worried freshie
#2092 how do I tell my neighbor to stop having loud sex?
#2093 can lambda tea please open a location on west campus :P
#2094 Next time you confess about someone write down their initials so that I know it's not me.
#2095 Hey guys... Just found a Brazilian who spent his days liking our confessions and his friends confessions at another page called Segredos UFRGS ultimate.

Interesting this kind of cultural exchange. Just wanna share this with y'all.
#2096 sometimes I accidentally type pizza.com instead of piazza.com and then I get sad and want pizza
#2097 I love my 6.01 LAs. They are always laughing at their table, especially one of the girls.
#2098 It's not a game.

I'm not a robot AI challenging you.

I'm not a phantom, I'm in your face.

And I'm here to see it through.

Right before your eyes.

Watch us multiply.

Come to claim our rights.

It's time!

As our power grows.

Trying to stop us shows

Might as well go try and stop time!

So you know that we're out there, swatting lies in the making.

Can't move fast without breaking, can't hold on or life won't change.

And our voices ring out yeah, took the mask off to feel free.

Fought it out in the debris, now we know that life will change!
#2099 This is a real pet peeve of mine, but, people, WASH YOUR FUCKING HANDS!

Some of you are some nasty little fuckers. Running your fingertips under a few drops of water for 1.2 seconds after taking a shit is not washing your hands. For goodness sake use some soap, or hand sanitizer, or at the absolute very least rinse off your ENTIRE fucking hand! So what if your hands get a bit dry in the winter that's what the fuck lotion is for so for fuck's sake WASH. YOUR. FUCKING. HANDS! We're adults (legally speaking) you should fucking know this by now. My 3 year old cousins do this shit better than some of y'all and those toddler-sized demonic fuckers can't even read. This is part of why people get sick and we all know nobody around here ain't got time for any of that shit. So just do the world a favor and wash your motherfucking hands.

That is all. Have a nice day :)
#2100 I'm getting confused with the terminology used in some of the confessions here. What to DT, ND, and VP stand for? I can't find definitions anywhere. Examples of use:

#10538 Who is the white guy in all the DT dances, dances like an angel, and is in MoveMENtality? Marry me pls.

#10530 Don't stereotype ND guys just ask him out like any other person. On God like there are a good number of ND guys who have non-Black GFs

#10454 I thirst hard af over the ND VP but I don't think any of them would ever go for a white girl
#2101 Does MIT Medical provide abortions
#2102 nothing felt as good as going to lecture today and knowing that I roasted tf outta this class on course evals
#2103 I am annoyed at how Asperger's/autism is still somewhat stigmatized at MIT.  If you go up to a person at MIT, they will (at least very likely) not care at all (as it should be).  If you go tell a random MIT person that you are somewhat autistic they will not be so understanding, and they will still expect you to pick up on social cues and so on.  I would think MIT of all places would be tolerant, but I have been disappointed with this since coming here.
#2104 I honestly think the french Boston Daytime shuttle driver is the sweetest soul ever. His "Hey my friend, how you doing?" makes my mornings a million times better. Especially at a place like MIT, it's so important to have such people around to cheer you up.
#2105 Damn, it felt good to give 6.819 straight 1's in the course evaluations
#2106 To confession #10544 i can at least tell you that you arent alone. I have also been diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome, i didnt know there was a clinical term (dysthymia) to describe long term but milder depression. But i feel you when you say you feel just miserable all the time for no apparent reason.

Not alone
#2107 I am really going to miss my 7.012 TA. Although I went into the class during PNR specifically because I didn't like Biology, I found that this class ended up being really fun for me. I loved how my TA would get excited about "really cool stuff" like trees and how he'd go off into tangents about research "that happened really recently actually." I even liked that fact that he explained how viruses survive by saying how "shitty" they are at checking for mutations. His notes on my PSets would make me smile, especially when he'd put a little smiley face at the end. Giving us sugar and therefore energy from day 1 with those Starbursts, but last last recitation going on about how sugar lobbiests basically brainwashed the country into thinking it was fat that was bad for you (when it was really the sugar.) To this TA, I'd like to tell you that I definitely didn't talk as much in class as I could have, but I legitimately enjoyed recitation so much because you were my TA. Thank you so much for making this an awesome first semester at MIT and tbh, I still have that tiny crush on you.
#2108 The people in iHouse are literally so perfect and wholesome. Their existence gives me faith in the good of the world <3
#2109 I used to think cosplaying at conventions was so cool and fun, but now that I'm realizing I can make actually-functional shit I'm starting to feel less enthusiastic about cosplay and even looking down on it. Is this what adulthood does to people??? I never thought I'd be an old codger.
#2110 need dick so badly but i have literally no idea how to flirt and i only hang out with my close friends & don't have time to meet anyone new?? help
#2111 Is it rude to eat during recitation? Asking for a friend
#2112 MIT has been my dream school since I was in middle school. My guidance counselor has persuaded me not to apply because my scores and gpa aren't anywhere near those of MIT students. I feel like I should have tried to apply.
#2113 I need someone to platonically practice my kissing with..
#2114 Life would be easier if I could read your mind.
#2115 The girl on 2.009 blue team answering questions was drop dead gorgeous. She almost made the Wallace puns bearable.
#2116 Life would be so much easier if we could just tell people how we feel
#2117 B3rd needs to be stopped.
#2118 Comment below the link of someone's Instagram account that you think have an amazing feed!
#2119 Tag your cute Simmons desk worker friends, I'm trying to find someone ;)
#2120 I shot a day keeps the anxiety away.
#2121 @everyone on my floor: do I belong?
#2122 Biggest turn on for a guy: when the girl makes a move.
#2123 Maddie Garcia is probably the greatest human being...or should I say shark?
#2124 rocket team is basically rocket meme at this point
#2125 me and my roomie are having a wine night love you so much bb
#2126 Lucas Mason-Brown is by far the nicest and most helpful course 18 TA. Doesn't hurt that he's extremely cute..
#2127 Genuine curiosity from a bystander, if you live in a dorm, why does it bother you to be spammed on undergrads@ rather than via dormspam? Looking for a legitimate reason beyond "it's not what the mailing list is for"
#2128 Please don't submit your confession to both pages :(
#2129 What is this white stuff that falls from the sky?
It's wet like a puddle, but solid like ice.
I look up, and I see a white sky.
Is this a dream, or is this real life?
I hope it's real; it's so amazing, it must be true.
But I don't want to freeze, not with my hands turning white and blue.
-s
#2130 I made a Tinder to try to find friends
#2131 I don't want 2.009 to end. I am having such a great time with my team and the class in general. The severe lack of sleep is tough though.
#2132 I think its fucking hilarious how PLEASURE educators encourage and initiate some of the most manipulative, toxic, unhealthy relationships I've ever seen. "Peers Leading Education about Sexuality and Speaking Up for Relationship Empowerment"? Please. Practice what you preach.
#2133 I forgot how much I was attracted to Camilo until I saw him in the DT show. Even in grey sweats and a fanny pack that boy is FINE.
#2134 Sooooo… I'm undocumented. With all the shitty stuff that comes from it, I've used it as motivation to prove myself capable and aim as close to a 5.0 as possible. Now, with DACA ending and my work permit soon expiring, I feel like my whole world is crumbling. I'll graduate and have nothing to show for it but a diploma cause I'll be unemployable. Being the first in my family to even graduate from high school will mean nothing anymore because everything I've worked for will lead nowhere. All my motivation is quickly dwindling and I'm starting to see no purpose in even being here anymore :(
#2135 @COURSE12 CAN Y'ALL PLS SAVE OUR ASSES BC GLOBAL WARMING IS LITERALLY GONNA END US ALL THANKS
#2136 Fuck the people who think that Random isn't part of the East Side
#2137 Statistics should be a HASS.
#2138 Plot twist: MIT made the Wifi intentionally sucky so you can get off Facebook and get back to doing your pset/writing your paper 🤔
#2139 Penis over psets
#2140 @10441 There are only two to the aleph-naught genders.
#2141 To the girl at Nu Delta with short hair wearing the black leggings with a white stripe down the sides: I hope you like girls bc damn
#2142 MIT MATCHMAKER 2000 SNOW LEOPARD - BACK BY REQUEST - there were so many responses last time so if you didn't get a chance to fill it out here's your chance on another anonymous Google Form to name your crush. Anonymous results will be posted in a week, on December 13 (+- a day). 

tiny.cc/mitmmsnowleopard
#2143 As the end-of-semester hell takes over my life I've started to realize how shitty the food I've been eating is.

Breakfast: lol what's that
Lunch: Oversalted pasta from Cafe 4 and a cup of coffee
Dinner: Old pizza from some event a few days ago

No wonder I feel like shit.
#2144 to the girl in 18.06 and in my 6.004 recitation: you're cute and I'd like to get to know you but I can never seem to find a good way to say hi to you (esp. now that it's the end of the semester). maybe we'll see each other in future classes?
#2145 Pset night? more like passing a computer around as we submit confessions
#2146 Kinda hope at least one of our 2.009 presenters mess up on stage for how things played out this semester. The one thing I was really looking forward to this semester was being on that stage representing our phenomenal product; instead, our team has made a thousand shortcuts and have something that is just put together.
#2147 Go for it, just ask me
#2148 @Asshole6004TA if you are going to be an asshole to me for asking you a question, I'd rather not get your help. MIT is hard enought as it is. Your job is to teach not to judge.  I am trying my best to learn. I aready feel stupid in the class. I don't need you to tell me that too.
#2149 Sometimes, I like to lay naked on the kitchen floor pretending to be bread crumbs, hoping someone would notice me.
#2150 Are people whose name begins with A overrepresented in the crush poll? Tag a friend whose name begins with A!
#2151 You realize you're an MIT student when you take a nap and dream about searching through your backpack for the Pset you need to hand in
#2152 There's this girl who always gets on daytime when I do in the mornings and I can't stop thinking about her. 

To the asian beauty with the orange and blue backpack and killer sense of style—you're stunning. Hopefully soon I will get the chance to meet you. I take first daytime almost everyday, maybe we will meet then. But even so, it's more than possible I am not your type. Oh well, least I can do is tell you how gorgeous I think you are. 

Write me back!

Yours in mit confessions,
WishfulThinking
#2153 At this point I'm learning more from my TA than from lecture.
#2154 I fucking love British accents
#2155 Shoutout to all 6.009 LAs for making us suffer less!
#2156 I hate the collaboration policy violation witch hunts that take place at the end of semester. Sometimes code is similar because there's an obvious way to tackle the problem, and people will want to choose the path of least resistance. No need to make a witch hunt out of it smh
#2157 Why tf does my HASS class have a final... and suck... oh did I mention the final is at the end of the last frickin day of finals week? Yeah, I'm staying an extra day for that shit.
#2158 Someone on campus has a glitter fetish....
#2159 I remember all the machine shop safety trainings always say to not use the machines while sleep deprived, but who actually follows that? Like during the last week of classes I'm 99% sure everyone I know is struggling and not sleeping enough, but have to finish up their projects.
#2160 Does anyone want to get a Tattoos of MIT page going? HONY-style but MIT students and their tattoo stories? Comment and I'll reach out to you if you're interested! Can be someone with a tattoo, someone who knows someone with one, photog, someone just interested in helping with the fb page etc
#2161 If everyone on campus was just a little bit more like Nancy Hung, the world would be so much better
#2162 I'm late to my 2.009 meetings because of other 2.009 meetings... what a class
#2163 Has anyone met the blue haired course 12 girl? She is here!!
#2164 Honestly as much as I wanted/needed to get away from being at home with parents who were always asking about my grades and how I spent my time and just generally helicoptering, all I want now is for my mom to stay up late with me as I do my psets and hug me and call me a trooper when I have a really difficult week like she did in high school
#2165 I like wholesome things
#2166 Serious question, how can I start investing? I have no clue what to do to make more money out of my money
#2167 Sitting in 3.091 and can smell the breath of the guy next to me. Buddy the first 5 minutes of GIR lecture are not worth your dental hygiene
#2168 @10242 you have to be more specific
#2169 Don't tell all your friends that you were "flirting" with me when all you did was stare at my chest for an hour.
#2170 MIT doesn't have a dead week like other colleges, so we just die during finals week
#2171 People who answer questions in large lectures: where did you find such confidence?
#2172 I don't mess around when it comes to secret santas. I want to win. Watch out, I'm about to guess all the pairings in this friend group.
#2173 So it's been all semester and I haven't done anything because I think it's kind of weird but my 3.091 TA is super cute and she's just so helpful and I know I should do something but I really can't bring myself to ask her out or something. I don't know if I'll get the guts before finals and I don't even think she's gonna be here next semester...bet.  what am I supposed to even do?
#2174 Don't remember if I ever posted this or not, but I do know that I didn't know about MIT Confessions when this happened, so why not post it now?

In my freshman fall semester, I was preparing for a real analysis test and found out that it was open book: so I pirated the book and went to print out all of the relevant chapters. I sent up an Athena cluster printer to start printing, and then I went back to my computer because fuck standing at a printer waiting for 80 pages to print. After waiting for a bit, I went back to the printer to check on how it was doing, because it was probably close to being done anyways. What greets me is a stack of paper where every single sheet is completely black. I managed to single-handedly eviscerate an entire ink cartridge in one of the printers.
Oops.
I think it was the weird format of the file that I downloaded that made the Athena printer shit itself. But now you guys know - if you think you've used the most ink out of any student at MIT, you're not even close.
#2175 Not tryna name any names, but a guy who posts a lot on MIT Confessions took our pull-up bar and hasn't given it back yet. Dude isn't even jacked so not sure what he's doing with it..
#2176 You know you're at MIT when you end up at 4am in a dorm room talking about how much cum it woukd take to fill an Olympic size swimmming pool and someone brings numbers into it
#2177 I've recently discovered all it takes to be up in the morning is not to sleep the night before
#2178 i matched with someone on xoxo and they asked me for help with 8.02
#2179 I swear if I don't get someone to make a confession about hearing or seeing (dat big MacG window) me having sex by the time I graduate, I'm gonna be highly dissapointed.
#2180 I have always tried to be there for the people around me.  Reaching out when I thought they were going through something hard or just to say hi.  Now I am having a hard time and I don't think anybody even noticed.  Even when I reach out to the people I had considered my friends I basically get blown off.  They all say they are busy, but that's an odd thing to say when I'm at least enough of the social circle to know how much time they have to do the things they want to do.  Its not about how busy you are, its about what you make your priorities.
#2181 How do y'all people go on dates that last 2 - 6 hours? I literally get uncomfortable around people when I've been around them individually for more than like half an hour, even just close friends and people I'm not interested in. Is this just my introversion or something else?
#2182 @#10222 Dude, think about it, you literally don't even know her. You don't know if she is the cuddling type etc. You just have oneitis. That's not to say that you might not be a good match, but stop projecting your idealized traits onto her and making her out to be some perfect person in your mind because the fact is she isn't. You putting her on a pedestal is only going to fuck up any chances you have because you're going to be clingy and needy and seeking validation from her, and idk her so I can't say whether or not she will like the attention at first but she definitely will not truly care for it in the long run. Realize that she's just another human being, and talk to her. Find out who she really is, and if you love that person then go for it, but realize that the girl in your head is not the girl that exists in real life.
#2183 I am genuinely puzzled why the academics at MIT is expected (by students/their parents) to be filtered in such a way that nobody gets offended/hurt. I recently came across a confession where, the OP was considering reporting a HASS class after they had to watch a disturbing movie for it. (It may be appropriate for them to personally skip that particular homework, but I do not believe that the professor is at fault for assigning that movie.)
On a similar note, though not directly related to the previous incident: There is a significant amount of people at MIT,  especially in my residence hall, who have beliefs/practices that are scientifically inaccurate and possibly harmful. Our classes cannot openly debunk these beliefs because that would be considered offensive.
I understand that certain things are taboo, sometimes only in specific cultures, and MIT needs maintain their diversity by making everyone feel welcomed. However, censoring out these things would be like avoiding to face reality and, in an academic setting, this may impair the progress that can potentially be made. Thoughts?
(It would be ironic if my confession got filtered out for bringing this up :/.)
#2184 I've been at MIT for so long.... and all I want over holiday break is for my mom to make me a grilled cheese with tomato soup and watch hallmark movies together. I miss her so much.
#2185 Does anyone know if there's a Buddhist Association or Club at MIT? Theravada Buddhist to be exact.
#2186 "You're too young to commit yourself to a guy, let me convince you why you should call off your relationship" says the girl with a long distance boyfriend who sees her twice per year 

I wish I could find better friends. But it's my senior year at MIT and I'm too exhausted
#2187 FFS, tea of teachers.....please stop spamming!
#2188 Serious qts: has anyone won the lotteried gift cards from surveys??
#2189 A lot of the girls I see around here are traditional chicken, but I'm tryna get me some of that general tao chicken, some of that sweet bbq chicken naw'I'mean? Maybe some garlic parmesan chicken
#2190 frozenquiz.weebly.com (best one there is, guys)
#2191 @10212 You're right, hookup culture is the new normal. Heck, anything that would have been considered outright immoral 2 or 3 decades ago is the new normal. I had a friend once BRAG to me about cheating on her summer boyfriend with his best friend. That same person has also tried to convince her friends that are in committed relationships to let go, because according to her, it's quote: disgusting. I knew another friend at my dorm who slept her best friend's ex. When her best friend confronted her about it, she got mad! Her argument was that as long as she wasnt hurting anyone, she's entitled to all the sex she could get.
#2192 MIT's motto is mind and hand, much like my motto when I was a lonely teenager - The legend Howard Wolowitz
#2193 God gives me purpose. What does he give you?
#2194 To the hot brunette I see in Barker, what's your name
#2195 Why must I be crushing on a straight girl that lives on my hall? (Tho I do question is she is straight a lot)
#2196 So what does ihtfp truly stand for?
#2197 I'm an upperclassman that is into this girl that lives at MacGregor. She has a shit load of guy friends which  seem to like and respect her. At first I was disappointed that she's a first year, but you would never know it once you get to know her. I just want to lay next to her and have  a conversation with her. It seems like we could be super chill and I could really use a cuddle buddy for starters. Don't even know how to go about doing that. What the hell should I do? I think I fuck'n like this girl because she crosses my mind often and when she comes around to visit, I enjoy seeing her. I'm sure I'm not the only one that feels this way when she hangs out around here. Fuck, I need words of advice. I think I'm ready to stop fuck'n around.
#2198 There are two types of course 6 dudes: 1) the ultra attractive jacked af tech bro; 2) the guy who hasn't showered in four weeks. There is no middle ground.
#2199 Wellesley girls are so attractive and smart. Any single Wellesley girls?
#2200 My girlfriend just jolted out of bed after a 20 minute power-nap and started rattling off current prices of the S&P 500 and oil/gas futures and for some reason I am extremely turned on right now
#2201 I'm a very self-destructive person, but I'm so lucky no matter what I always end up better than average. This makes feel extremely guilty about all the good things that happen to me because I believe that I don't deserve any of it. Any tips on being less harsh on myself?
#2202 Best weird as fuck places to have sex on campus? Asking for a friend
#2203 Sassiest girls? 🔥
#2204 MIT ZBT is the finest fraternity known to man.
#2205 In every friends group, there's that whiny egotistical trashy girl (or effiminated male) whose highly-pitched-squeaky-voice -spewing-judgemental-comments acts as a neutralizer to the positivity of others. Her or his trashiness adds spiciness to the group's dynamic but is a burning burden that speaks of a shallow personality and a hateful heart when taken seriously.
#2206 i just want a cute boi to pset with :((
#2207 My next door neighbor blasts trap music all night
#2208 Would you rather have really good sex or get the answers to a really hard pset?
#2209 I'd love a private oral lesson from my 6.006 TA. After all, I am not a very visual learner :)
#2210 I offered my roommate some cookies I brought from home. I guess I didn't make the conditions of my offer very clear, because she grabbed the whole box with a huge smile on her face. She was so excited and thankful that I didn't have the heart to correct her.
#2211 You know all those weird medicines people used in the 1800's? Like "got syphilis?! well here's some arsenic for your dick!" We're definitely still doing that today and still pretending to pass it off as sound medicine: "just had surgery? well here's an addict's supply of oxycontin for the week!" I'm really hoping marijuana research will pick up and change this.
#2212 You were so young, so dumb, the baddest, the biggest, the bestest, burned out one.
#2213 Who else is pissed that dining switched from coke to pepsi products?
#2214 The other day I unexpectedly met my dignity while walking by Kendall. We were so happy to meet each other that we decided to have lunch together at Clover. After some nice and priceless talk, my dignity said that it had to head out to Boston. And so it did after saying goodbye. Then I went back to my dorm, eager for a night full of pset fun. What a beautiful day it was, my friends. What a beautiful day, indeed.
#2215 Dude, thanks to my news feed, I know more about current MIT confessions than I do about current events. Sad reacs only.
#2216 Found a google doc called ""dear freshmen"" that I made when I was a sophomore and thought I knew everything about school/life/MIT. Couldn't have been more wrong.

Dear sophomores, you don't know shit. Sit down.
#2217 Last weekend I noticed that my little was as drunk as me. I feel so proud.
#2218 "But do you really think [insert name] is good in bed? I mean, he's course 6." - anonymous
#2219 I desperately need some wine and cheese to go with my tea.  MIT social life dropped off a cliff this semester... feel bad for all the frosh on PNR
#2220 My little survived mono and honestly I'm so proud
#2221 I don't know what it is, but when I find out someone here can dance, I automatically find them to be way more attractive than I previously thought them to be. Watching ridonkulous/mocha moves/fixation at RTA.... oh boy..
#2222 This feeling, this gravitational pull, comes in waves.
The first wave is always anticipated- it's small, there's no chance that /they/ can feel the same.
The second wave creeps up from behind after leaping over the first. You start doubting your instincts and pull away. 
Each wave, each leap, pulls you closer and closer into the abyss. 
Where are you going? Do they feel the same? 
The next wave comes...
#2223 Can Tea With Teachers stop sending to the undergrads mailing list? Like it would be annoying but reasonable if they spammed dorm lists, but emailing undergrads every week is just straight up obnoxious.  That list especially should be only for the most important communication, not spam that if I'm being perfectly honest, I and most ppl couldn't care less about.
#2224 what do you do if you hook up with someone and it's so bad that you start laughing after they leave?
#2225 To the cute redhead girl in my hass class, you are literally the only reason i roll out of bed to make it to class.
#2226 Please bring back MIT Societo por Esperanto club
#2227 My suite mate puts his 10+ uncleaned pans and pots in the drawers under the kitchen sink. He also puts a couple of rotten containers of food he doesn't want to clean there. I really want them to  smell worse than they are now so he would come and clean them up.
#2228 I am straight, but dont mind giving a handjob to another male.
#2229 Grace, I don't like you anymore. You tell me we're chill but your actions say otherwise. mxm.
#2230 smh at all y'all athletes tryna flex on the gram with the david silverman watermark lookin broke as fuck
#2231 MIT confessions: no names
MIT timely confessions: all the names
#2232 How do I stop liking someone who doesn't like me back (at least not romantically the same way I feel )?
#2233 sad reacts if you sold out to finance
#2234 In MIT I learned that even if I am trash, I can try my best to be golden trash :')
#2235 boba >>> boiz
#2236 Why do people only hit me up when psets are due? I'm human too, ask me how I'm doing, if I want to hang out or something. I am more than just somebody you can go to when you need pset answers.
#2237 Kyrie Irving has convinced me the Earth is flat
#2238 I am a girl and I have been having crushes on both guys and lesbians. Am I bi? How do I find out?
#2239 After being cheated on, I have so much trouble learning to trust again. He's amazing, and I wish that I didn't have these insecurity issues with him. Any advice on coping?
#2240 People who play music on their laptop speakers in the athena cluster need to stop. No one wants to hear your shitty music on shitty speakers in the shitty student center
#2241 18.701 intimidated me out of 18. Now I'm in Course 6. See, it's not all about selling out.
#2242 I care about you more than I've ever cared about anyone before, but I'm terrified of getting closer to you because you've said before that you avoid people who "care too much". Why can't I just care for you without worrying about losing you because of it?
#2243 oh no
#2244 okay so guys PLEASE SAVE YOUR WORK. I suck at writing essays and today when I woke up after sleeping for only one stupid hour to write the last 100 words of my 1250 word essay MY LAPTOP JUST DECIDED TO SHUT DOWN AND I LOST EVERYTHING. E V E R Y T H I N G. And guess what? The essay is due tomorrow and I have a midterm and a PSET due tomorrow too. Long story short, SAVE YOUR FUCKING ESSAYS PLEASE!!!!!!!!!! PS. Thank you so much JC and ND for being such amazing bullshitters and helping me write my essay <3
#2245 You're the first girl I've met who I think I've fallen for solely based on our mutual caring about each other, and it's wonderful.
#2246 Let's be real, if you want delicious dining at MIT you either get on free-food@ or date one of the stress bakers who live in East Campus.
#2247 Stop telling people we hooked up.
#2248 please don't drop the class.
i don't have another way talk to you otherwise. :(
#2249 This Thanksgiving, I'm thankful for PNR.
#2250 "Yellow fever" has been a contentious topic around MIT for a while now, and I'm not sure how to parse the jokes and discussion in a healthy way. Like personally, I think it's absurd and disrespectful to seek people strictly because they're asian and turn down those who aren't. At the same time, the last couple people I have been into have demonstrated really kind hearts and fun attitudes , _and_ I find them attractive. Unfortunately sometimes the muddle of jokes and discussion make me feel bad about liking them just because they happen to be asian...
#2251 Dear girl at the party, if you have time to spend two hours on a bus every day just to go to 6.0001 lecture don't talk to me about how "Wellesley is probably even harder than MIT!!!"
#2252 Does anyone else panic for a moment like "oh god what if this food baby is actually a real baby" and then remember you haven't gotten laid in a year
#2253 MIT Confessions is like freshmen -- relatively positive, uplifting, interesting, respectful, content that doesn't hurt people emotionally

MIT Timely Confessions is like sophomore spring -- jaded, depressed, mean to  other people, content that hurts people's feelings emotionally
#2254 never been to phi sig before this year but low key phi sig fire & ice last night put primal to shame
#2255 My boyfriend and I got in our first real fight and it was over whose memes were better...
#2256 Frankie Soucy more like Frankie SAUCY
#2257 @9934: everyone who feels like they have to play matchmaker, just tag both people in the original confession. Let's see what happens ;)
#2258 As a black person, I'm somewhat worried that the BSU's "Ask a Black Person" booth/Facebook page gives off the impression that our opinions and feelings are monolithic, and that asking a few black people or getting a response from that Facebook page (and that page definitely does not represent all black views) is sufficient for getting an understanding as to how black people feel. I hope everyone, including the BSU, realize that asking any handful of black people how they feel about a topic is not inherently representative of the opinions of black people as a whole, and that it is important to try to convey the diversity of black opinion (e.g. many blacks are fine with the idea of non-blacks wearing dreads)
#2259 I was gonna become a porn star if I didn't get into MIT
#2260 @9911 I promised I'll stay, and I'll keep that promise.

[@9911 Please stay]
#2261 I dream about making a machine that converts my life energy into energy for everyone else to use because there is no sense in me living.  I even feel guilty eating in the dining hall because I am taking away energy from all of you guys who deserve to live so much more because you are going to contribute something worthwhile and beautiful to the world. The only people I am close with are my family, and quite frankly, we can go in a closet and play russian roulette with enough bullets for all of us because we are loners who don't matter.
#2262 I feel terrible for being this way, but honestly I can't stand being around my classmates that are happier/more successful than me. Of course I am happy for them and I cheer them on but I just want to feel some of that happiness/success for myself as well. I cheer on these people all the time but never have anyone do the same for me even once. And it's not that I cheer others on because I expect the same in return, but because I really do believe in them. I guess people don't bother with me because I cheer on others so much that they think I cheer on myself? I've gotten to the point where I am unfollowing people on social media and avoiding them in real life to stop being constantly reminded of how inadequate and useless I am. I literally spend every waking moment of the day studying and working and still just barely getting by. All I want is to not just feel like my only purpose in life is to be someone else's expendable mascot.
#2263 I have a friend who used to have a heart of gold, and used to be one of the sweetest people I've ever known. Some shit happened to her this summer that changed her world view, and ever since she's become really cold and reserved at times. I miss my old friend, but I know that healing and learning how to trust people again take time, and I'll be there for her through her bad months and good months -- always. 
If you're reading this, which you probably are since you check MIT confessions a lot (lawlz), just know that I love you and am here for you as a friend no matter what you're going through. Stay strong.
#2264 I say alarming things when I'm drunk and people think I'm being dramatic but I actually am asking for help since I'm not filtering my thoughts anymore
#2265 Frankly, I feel strongest about her when I'm fuzzing out at 4 AM and getting sick from work. We communicate mostly when we run into each other late online - like ships without radios, blind in the night. We put up flares of sheer panic when we're in danger of failure, or blinking spotlights to signal on conditions. MIT has become a little bit of a private hell (my fault, for sure) and she's based somewhere very far away. I'm sure she doesn't get any special psychic payback from our friendship. But for me, all this is partly bearable because of her...
#2266 Can guys please just tell that girl you're talking to how you feel? Life is too short, my classes are too hard, and I can't waste time analyzing your texts.
#2267 i appreciate you more than you know! and i wish we could hang out more and do things outside of work and activities together... feel like if i ask you to hang you might think that's weird or that im lame so i dont know what to do
#2268 I had diarrhea and was in building 36. Wanted to find a relatively private bathroom because I could tell I'd be spending some time in there. I went down to the basement but it turns out there's only a men's bathroom on the machine shop floor — the place where the women's would be is taken up by some electrical closet? So I went to the second floor, thinking there'd be less traffic than the first. Got in a stall and not a minute later, someone else comes in. We both kind of try to outlast each other before making any noise but it becomes clear that this other person isn't just there to piss either. Can't decide if it was awkward or a nice moment of commiseration. If you're reading this, other girl having mild diarrhea on the second floor of building 36, I hope you're doing okay.
#2269 I  made a new fake facebook just to view these confessions so they don't clog up my normal facebook
#2270 "I was taught to shoot the messenger too.

Somebody playing both sides of the fence is more dangerous than your enemy"
#2271 I think I've borked my sleeping patterns so much that I can't sleep much longer than 6-6½ hours without my brain yelling at me because my alarm already went off even though it goes off in another hour and a half. Yet I'm still tired halfway through the day. :/
#2272 Things ended with you so long ago, and we've both moved on, but for some reason I can't get you out of my head. It doesn't make any sense. I just always wonder if maybe I'm also in your head?
#2273 I left my AKG earbuds in 26-100 yesterday on one of the chairs in the leftmost row if u have them pls respond
#2274 new low: almost crying when livin on a prayer was playing on the tech shuttle
#2275 My frat bro won't do a double dutch rudder with me and honestly I'm thinking about debrothering
#2276 When your TA becomes your graduate student mentor becomes your boyfriend #goal
#2277 I listen to nirvana whole day and my friend says that i have a bad taste in music. How should i reply him?
#2278 Is friend-zoning really a thing in college? I feel like I'm hooking up more often with "friends" than non-friends. It must be a high school thing?
#2279 If you are feeling overworked, go see a mental health professional. 
It genuinely helps, and it does not mean that you're crazy.
#2280 "My new daily Facebook routine: 
1) log on 
2) check MIT Confessions
3) check MIT Timely Confessions
4) check MIT Memes 
5) log off "
#2281 I fantasize about my Sloan classmates to stay hard when I have sex with my wife.
#2282 I want to have sex with one of my fraternity brothers
#2283 Sarah has the cheeks
#2284 Thinking of getting a breast reduction surgery. Anyone wanna help me make the most of them first? ;*
#2285 he's really lucky to have you
#2286 Why do frat parties always have to play the same kind of music? If I could be in a frat, our first party we'd play Kanye West songs only, and our second party we'd play trap remixes of Spongebob songs.
#2287 Cutest sophomore guys??
#2288 my life is not juicy enough for mit confessions
#2289 Vacancy for Girls:
Looking for a lovely beauty with beautiful mind for life-long position
Salary: Happiness + me
Responsibilities: taking care of me, doing night job, spending a lovely time with me
Overtime: available 
Requirements: should be hot + mindful, no need to have an MIT degree
if interested leave comments
#2290 hamlet was amazing what the fuck
everyone was so talented and the performances were so good and i had no fucking clue that people here could put on a show like that

(also voltimand was attractive af)
#2291 Every course has that one hot girl that everyone likes and tries to ask out but she rejects because she is secretly in love with the smartest guy in class who cares too much about school to notice her
#2292 @the theta philanthropy girl, money isn't the only thing you raise well ;)
#2293 I'm fed up with my roommate and I don't really know what to do. She'll get upset if I make plans to hang out with other people and when I invite her, she'll make my friends uncomfortable by acting surly and doesn't attempt to make conversation. She complains a lot about everything--her classes, the people around her, her friends and family back home, even small insignificant things! She always wants to be around me and it's mentally and emotionally exhausting to deal with her all the time. I think she acts this way because she doesn't have many friends, but I don't want to be around her all the time with since it's really starting to have a negative impact on daily mood. I plan on moving out next year but I'd appreciate some advice to help me until then.
#2294 no offense but what the actual flippity frick is going on in 7.016?
#2295 my biggest regret after graduating MIT is that I never got my beaver rubbed by Tim
#2296 @9748 : Absolutely no. Please respect my urban solitude and fuck off with your nodding. And fuck your POC generalization, that definitely doesn't apply to me.
#2297 I just broke up with someone I've been with since before coming to MIT :( What's the single life like at MIT?
#2298 When I was a freshman, I always turned in everything on time, but now I'm just like "well I'll turn it in eventually"
#2299 I ordered a bunch of stuff on my roommate's Alexa, and convinced him he did it when blacked out last weekend.
#2300 KS might be blander than tap water, but hey, tap water is good for you when you're thirsty
#2301 To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Robert A. Weinberg. The biological processes are extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical biology most of the explanations will go over a typical 7.012 student's head. There's also Weinberg's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The TAs understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these explanations, to realise that they're not just logical- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Robert A. Weinberg's lectures truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Weinberg's existential catchphrase "In contradistinction," which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev's Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Robert A. Weinberg's genius wit unfolds itself in 26-100. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂

And yes, by the way, i DO have a Robert A. Weinberg tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 😎
#2302 those glowsticks are pretty solid
#2303 @9753 I think you may be talking about me....... If so, I'm not over you but I hide it because our friendship really matters to me. I hoped for more for a time, and thought you did to, but then you gave me a flat out no and I accepted it. Thanks for your honesty, I don't blame you at all. But I also can't control how I feel about you. And sometimes that hurts. But you're also one of my best friends,and I would do anything to perserve that friendship. And if you're not talking to me, well fuck. Still nice to say this though.
#2304 Unpopular opinion: I'm 6-2 not because I bailed on the EE but because I bailed on the CS.
#2305 009 IS LOVE 009 IS LIFE
#2306 I have a secret fetish for dating guys juuuust a bit younger than me. That way, I can make him call me 'Noona,' and that seriously turns me on.
#2307 you're really hot ∴ I want to break all of your ribs
#2308 This is NOT a clapback to #9755 but does anyone else feel so stressed when treating others? I am so scared of forgetting to treat the other person back or even worse, them never letting me pay for the food...
#2309 i have a big crush on my 6.006 ta
#2310 to the people who frequent mit confessions: you crushing on anyone right now? if so, describe them.
#2311 Man being off campus for a few days I forgot how ugly guys are in the outside world. Like every damn one of you MIT boys are cute af. Gotta snag me a hot one before I graduate and the gene pool gets worse.
#2312 I've always prioritized people over psets and work, but it's always cost me. I'm now doing well academically for the first time at MIT, but I've seen a clear pattern where I only do well when I shut people out and act selfish. I've always prided myself on being there for my friends though, and as someone who also struggles with mental health, I really want to be there for my friends who struggle with theirs. But I'm realizing it's just not sustainable or practical. I'm only taking 4 classes and I've become minimally involved in extracurriculars, yet I still feel like I constantly have to work and study to get the grades I want. I'm becoming like the people here who prioritize school over friends, people I always used to resent and complain about. Makes me feel hypocritical. IHTFP. Seems like you can't "succeed" without being selfish and a low-key shitty friend. What's the point of all this high-achieving bullshit when we can't even be there for each other.
#2313 @9726 I'm also a bi girl and I still have that type of relationship with some of my straight female friends; they know it's just a joke and we're still incredibly close. I know not everyone is that chill and understanding but I hope your friends are. Good luck <3 <3 <3
#2314 There's a girl in my combo class that's way too cute and always sits in the first row but I don't know how to approach her.
#2315 To #9701, you're cute.
#2316 I didn't read all semester for my technical and now I'm screwed and trying to scrape a passing grade together. What is the best (easiest) technical course I can take to never go through this eternal hell ever again? 

Said no one ever.  Let's chill with the liberal arts bashing, shall we?
#2317 I'm a girl in a committed heterosexual relationship but I want to fondle a cute girl's breasts. Hmu if interested.
#2318 Cutest latinas at MIT?
#2319 i've been hooking up with one of my good friends this semester, and honestly, it's super nice. not only do we care for eachother as friends but we also take care of eachother's needs in bed in a low stress situation. 10/10 would recommend
#2320 You make my day when you randomly swing by my room. I'm not sure when or why you started doing that but we're so much closer now and I actually love chatting with you about our days so much.
#2321 I bike back to the frat to poop. The fancy bathrooms and ultra-soft 3-ply tp are unrivalled. Bathrooms at the 'tute... if I really must. But Wellesley. Can we talk about this? Their single-ply toilet paper feels as if they bought it in bulk from the Home Depot sandpaper isle. I will literally pretend I have class or "need to be back on campus" and take the Peter back if it's getting urgent.
#2322 In my free time, I play Runescape at 3:00AM, and people think I'm doing my P-Sets then when they hear my keyboard clicking.
#2323 The type of friends who insist on paying for your food and just say that you can get the next one are my favorite type of friends. I will get the next one. It's so much sweeter than splitting bills and Venmo charges.
#2324 XhiDae Otam, you are the god of diss. Please find a way to diss this confession somehow. Thank you.
#2325 September - I will pass
October - I will likely pass
November - I can still pass
....
f*ck this class
it is stretching my ass
#2326 Crazy real talk, following up on #9681, that really high guy, documentary in the future will talk about how the brightest minds of our time helped build companies that sold ads. Thats it. The biggest, most powerful ones sell fucking ads. Not poverty, human trafficking and slavery, aging, health, learning, education, water, global warming, food, city design, cancer, or anything. Fucking working on pixels.
#2327 I'm a class of 2019, so I never got the option of Makerlodge training... Tbh, I think it's kinda shitty that only freshman get the chance to participate at all. Obviously there's the mentor thing, but I can't really afford to spend 4 hours a week doing it. I'm not course 2 or anything, so I don't have access to other shops, and I just want to be able to make things. :(
#2328 I feel like I only use Confessions as a way to pub my major to freshmen.
#2329 is Rayden taken? :o
#2330 Who is this kid lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/RoastMe/comments/6owv5c/division_i_athlete_and_mit_student_tell_me_why/
#2331 I take Unified recreationally
#2332 Not sure why my frat is always trynna get Wellesley and BU girls out to our parties when MIT women are far more attractive in every way
#2333 Back as a freshman I got my second-choice sorority. Whenever I see them now I am still low-key sad and salty :(
#2334 Even if we both made jokes about cuffing season, that doesn't mean we are above it, right?
#2335 There's this cute girl in almost all of my classes that I'm tryna show a magic trick I just don't know how to talk to her.
#2336 No one's ever posted a confession about me and it's starting to make me feel less cute
#2337 Can the 2018 Senior Class Council seriously plan events better? First, you had a Senior Toast at 4pm when people had classes and now you inform us of your Sky Zone event today when it's happening on Thursday. As much as I appreciate the effort you guys are putting in to make fun events, I really hope this trend isn't going to continue for the rest of the semester and into next semester. It would be fair to us to advertise your event at least a week in advance. Thanks.
#2338 I think I got laid out of pity.
#2339 Where is the nicest bathroom on campus?
#2340 MIT Frat Official Rankings

1. ΣΧ
2. ΔΚΕ
3. ΘΤ
4. ΔΤΔ
5. ΧΦ
6. ΦΔΘ
7. ΚΣ
8. ΦΣΚ 
9. ΖΨ

Rest of y'all suck too much to be ranked
#2341 
Dear MIT, 
Please stop fucking my titties. They are very very sore. And chafed. Please at least use lube.
#2342 Need a girl to cuddle and binge tv shows with on a noncommittal basis. Must have ability to binge shows for 3 hours minimum and 2 years of industry experience (preferred). Drop cover letter+resume below
#2343 Interviewer: "Do you have any side projects?"
Anonymous: "Yeah, I wrote a script to automate responses to a pointless email thread to annoy the shit out of everyone, because I think people care that I'm always fucking in the tetazoo glounge."
#2344 Before coming to MIT from Europe as a grad student, I researched how I will commute from Tang Hall to the other side of campus and came across the MIT shuttle bus. I was expecting a hydrogen-cell powered semi-automonmous high-tech bus, with all bus-stops having solar sells and a small wind turbine. Oooops...
#2345 5 East Asians, please stfu. People are trying to sleep.
#2346 That feel when you date a tech bro who feels the need to say "my iPhone" instead of "my phone" and "my Apple watch" instead of "my watch", but only ever calls you "duuuuuude."
#2347 The only reason MIT guys date girls from other schools is because nobody here would ever want them
#2348 is the 6.009 TA that does all of sunday taken??
#2349 Theta Tau used to be called the "Society of Hammer and Tongs". Also their motto is a Bible quote.
#2350 Christ's sake please stop confessing about your obsessions with your TAs. Hard enough to pay attention in recitations and now I'm just spying around trying to identify the poor souls. 

Also some TAs can you maybe chill and not try so hard to make an impression. Have you not any idea how difficult it is on my facial muscles to contain grimaces.
#2351 I always match with Harvard chicks over MIT ones on tinder so you can have a low commitment fuck and can still see them again if they're into it but it's not like you're gonna awkwardly run into them at the stud.
#2352 Even though I want to graduate, get a job, and live a really happy life, one of my most prominent life goals is to punch air so fast that I can make a sonic boom. I really don't know why, and I don't now how course 6 will get me there, but if I can punch anywhere near the speed in which I take Ls from 6.046, I'll be golden.
#2353 Dating is basically a process of collecting information about someone until you realize that you don't like them.
#2354 Guys can get away with wearing the same shit every day and nobody notices. I'm jealous tbh.
#2355 Are there any hot Japanese girls here
#2356 to the green-haired girl in my physics class: you're incredibly hot and I just thought you should know
#2357 @9512 dare say, of which film class do you speak? I'm curious if you're the same handsome guy I've had my eyes on all semester...
#2358 As much as I hate this place, I'm really scared for life after MIT.
#2359 I had sex with my roommate's sister during family weekend...
#2360 My CC.110 TA always makes me smile; I think I love him
#2361 Politically incorrect opinion here: people need to demonstrate some personal fucking responsibility. Every time you get wasted in the process of just "having a chill time" some poor soul has to waste their night babysitting you.
#2362 The UA President is really hot.. I think I have a thing for women with power.
#2363 Those stupid condom boxes are depressing because every time they run out it just reminds me how stale  my sex life is.
#2364 I got rejected by my dream company after the last-round interview. I was so close. :( Anyone know a good joke that could cheer me up?
#2365 I have a boyfriend, but I think i'm extremely attracted to someone else who is known to sleep around with a lot of girls. Girls have warned me he has a lot of issues and red flags (which I agree), but I still think about him. Wtf is wrong with me. If I had any sense of self preservation, I'd dump my current boyfriend because I'm not attracted enough to him, and then cut off all contact with this person I'm attracted to. Except i'll do neither :/
#2366 Glad that Theta Tau's officially recognized, so they can finally stop reviewing resumes and start hazing pledges like they always wanted.
#2367 It made me so sad to hear so many people say that parent weekend stressed them out since they had to balance work and spending time with their family. I thought that family coming to visit was supposed to bring comfort.
#2368 Girl-whos-name-I-dont-know in 21M.030 you have the most adorable smile
#2369 To all the Asian tourists who flock in front of Mass Ave: if you're here to see MIT, stop wearing Harvard from head to toe
#2370 Shoutout to 6.031 for turning memes into a pset and killing the only joy I had left in life
#2371 There are 4 types of people I know at MIT. Strangers, faculty and advisors, my boyfriend's friends, and my boyfriend.
#2372 MIT is experiencing a boat shoe revolution and I don't know how I feel about that.
#2373 For the love of christ, could you please shut the fuck up at Hayden library? I go here to study, not to overhear your inane chatter. Presumably there are other places you can go to hang out with your friends, unless your social life is as limited in scope as your ability to use a library properly.
#2374 I'm so happy that Boston is like basically a city of colleges because the guys @MIT are so ugly.
#2375 Big shout out to my urop advisor who gave me way more credit than I deserved in his rec letter
#2376 xoxo is the best thing ever created
#2377 The next person that says 009 instead of 2.009 or 6.009 (or any variation of numbers without the specified course number in front), I will slap you. Btch pls, stop assuming you are important enough for me to remember what course you are in.
#2378 Does Prof. Sadoway get his suits tailored? Because damn! I wish my clothes fit me that well.
#2379 Can the comment section of this post be filled with FALSE frat stereotypes? Like Delts is party frat, KS is volleyball, DKE is football, etc
#2380 Yellow fever is spreading through my fraternity right now
#2381 Unless you sexually identify as a metal frame with two wheels, I don't see why you should be walking in the bike lane
#2382 This is a quiz problem from MIT, if they can solve it so can you
-TA at Caltech
#2383 I had feelings for you last year, but I was only a frosh then. Now, you're a senior, and I don't know if you'd be willing to make the emotional investment. I know I'd be willing to.
#2384 I hooked up with a junior guy in a fraternity just because my friend did two days earlier and I didn't want her to think she was better than me
#2385 Some of the upperclassmen in our fraternity really struggle at getting with girls apparently, because they started throwing parties that only freshman girls (not even our pledges)  could get into.
#2386 I just realized- MIT doesn't let its students compete for grades. So instead, we compete to see how miserable we can make ourselves.
#2387 "I posted this to another site long ago. In light of recent events, I want to post it here:

I saw you... MIT students, everywhere. I know how shitty this place can be (hell, I'm a 3-time CAP warning champion). I know how shitty one's brain can be. And I know what it's like to be perpetually lonely.

All I can say is please, please never give up on yourself. I promise you there are people around you willing to help, even if it doesn't feel like it. I promise you that it can get better, even if you don't see how. Do what you need to get yourself to a happier state -- see Mental Health, leave MIT (temporarily or permanently), take fewer classes, do something that is just for you. But please, do not give up.

- Recent Crvft"
#2388 I was feeling lonely. I discovered how to release the same hormones released during social interactions without having social interactions. I don't feel lonely anymore. Life is good
#2389 Dear beautiful girl in my film class, I'm not entirely dumb and do know how to mutter more than strange sounds. It's just so easy to get lost in your beautiful almond brown eyes, and I get super nervous (and happy) when I'm around you! Eminem has it right... "palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy!" 😂
#2390 Sigma is hands down my least favorite greek letter. It looks like a theta with hair that needs to calm down. Be theta or be nothing.
#2391 The ginger in Sigma Chi is so hot.  Idk who he is but dayum
#2392 this past weekend, I think I took the biggest dick of my entire existence
#2393 I just want to casually hook up with a guy without ruining our friendship. Is that too much to ask for??
#2394 I want to go back to hooking up with this girl but my boyfriends trying so I should stay..maybe I'm destined for vanilla sex for the rest of my life
#2395 Whomever that blonde guy was that Deejayed at a KS party, he needs to turn my tables and give me One Dance to get rid of all these Wild Thoughts
#2396 The TA in 6.804 is so incredibly cute. Every time she got up in recitation to correct or add to what the other TA was saying made me hard. With the curves of her ass in those yoga pants, I'd have been down to fuck her on the spot in front of the entire class. But I should probably figure out what the fuck is going on in that class first.
#2397 "Hey we got shut down for hazing, so come fix up your resume with us so we can rehab our image and get back on campus!"
#2398 I'm a dude, and I wear lululemon
#2399 Controversial opinion - Maseeh's indian food is now actually pretty decent   Source: I am brown
#2400 If you were not admitted to MIT, you don't get to have MIT be your primary school on social media.
#2401 Plenty times, I put my headphones on unplugged just to prevent people from talking to me.
#2402 When I get the new iPhone X i am going to make the Face-ID my cum face so that if anyone wants to unlock my phone, they have to jerk me off first
#2403 I steal tea from dining halls and hoard it rather than drink it...
#2404 I texted my ex last Friday just to make myself angry. I bench more when I'm angry and I wanted to PR.
#2405 I read this "MIT Compliments" post about Next House "gym bois" being small. But damn, there's this one boi who's BUILT. And tbh, he got some booty. Like as a girl, it makes me think to myself "Boi, can you please spare some of that booty? You're a dude who doesn't need it as much."
#2406 I wanna fuck that hott Wellesley girl in my class.
#2407 Would you rather have teeth for hair or hair for teeth
#2408 asshole decided to spam the form with a bot that is filling it up with tens of thousands of responses. I will make a new one now. This is why we can't have nice things. Still funny doe.
#2409 IS BACK
GET TO POSTING
#2410 This may be hilarious, but for me it is a huge issue. I have the feeling that I attract guys and people in general, but they somehow feel intimidated by me which makes me instantly act as if they were inferior to me. I am then too proud to make any move that could hint I am interested. Arguably enough, I grew up in Eastern Europe where they teach you "moral values" and where they cultivate your hubris as something honourable. I wish guys were more daring with me, more challenging in conversations, but they seem only interested in jumping your bones rather than fucking my mind.
#2411 I helped my best friend hook up with the my ex even though I wasn't over her and I don't know why
#2412 When you go to TJ (#1 high school) then get into MIT but your parents still compare you to your sibling in UPITT's med program.
#2413 I ordered a pizza from Domino's and freaked out because it came with no toppings or cheese, just bread. So I called them to send me another one. When the driver arrived, I realized that I had opened the box upside down.
#2414 This feels like the second half of senior year in high school, I'm unmotivated to do any work whatsoever, but its different because I'm dying in all of my classes.
#2415 One of my friends has a wonderful ass. She looks soooo hot! I definitely love her as a friend, and find her attractive. Too bad it'll never work out though. Either way, I love seeing and making her happy however I can.
#2416 These kids are all about the young TAs, but I just want some of that Daddy Dourmashkin.
#2417 If maintaining a relationship at MIT is like an additional 12 unit class, then staying on top of the news this semester has been like an additional 24 unit class.
#2418 We were together. Alone. I had the chance to say what we were both thinking, but I didn't. Now that the opportunity's passed, you don't look at me the same way. I'm sorry.  I still think you're amazing, and only wish you thought the same.
#2419 I rode my bicycle to the bottle store yesterday and bought bottle of brandy.  I was about to leave when I realized that if I fell off my bike on the way home, the bottle would break.  So I drank all the brandy before I rode back, which was a good thing, because I fell off my bike seven times on the way home
#2420 Spotted: The hunky Chi Phi GRT at Senior Ball---turns out, his boyfriend is just as gorgeous as he is #relationshipgoals
#2421 I don't understand how people call half a square of dark chocolate a "treat" or a "splurge". Like when i decide to "splurge" i eat 2 bags of chips, french fries, 3 bowls of ice cream and a newborn child
#2422 Straight girls need to stop cutting their hair short. It's confusing enough for us lesbians as is.
#2423 My one regret is that I met you so soon when I was immature and stupid, I wish I could go back and do it all over again
#2424 Pre-Quora Question: Coming from an early 20-year-old, is marriage still as big of a deal for people now as it has been in the past? In light of divorce statistics, increasing opportunity/gender equality, people not wanting to get tied down, etc., would you say most people view marriage a linear or exponential step up from a relationship?
#2425 When a song just came out and you show your friends and they're like "yeah heard that ages ago". Like ok were you at the studio when it was produced..
#2426 Self-help tip: When I'm stressed I go onto "The Most Dangerous Writing App" and write a nice long memo to myself. Then I feel much better.
#2427 My ex and I broke up because they didn't have time for a relationship on top of psets and extracurriculars. By the end we never went out when I offered because they had too much work, no matter what time of day/week I tried to make plans. I find out weeks later that they've joined more clubs and have no problem with skipping out on work to spontaneously go out with friends. It feels really horrible to know I was never worth missing 10% on a pset, but everything else apparently is.
#2428 Overheard in Infinite:  "Bro, why don't you wear your ring?" "Because my dick is big enough."  lmaoo
#2429 I used to throw away my lecture handouts and graded psets. I have since realized my mistake... Shredding is so much more satisfying!
#2430 "Back in my heyday, I would kill Erik Demaine in one-on-one Tetris" -LaVar Ball
#2431 To the guy I drunkenly yelled at in the elevator after ring delivery: I'm really sorry, I thought you were someone else...
#2432 In Bruno Mars' song "That's what I Like," there's a line that goes "Silk sheets and diamonds all white" ... I've been singing "sushi and diamonds" for months.
#2433 next time there aren't enough cpw hosts, we should house prefrosh on (1) the barker reading room couches (2) the stud reading room couches (3) the cheney room couches, in order to give them the authentic MIT experience
#2434 The 6.031 staff has this amazing ability to make it seem like you ruined their whole day by asking a question on piazza. Jesus I didn't understand the reading, I didn't kill your cat.
#2435 The only reason I still get work done is because facebook crashes when I open MIT memes on my phone
#2436 I had a wet dream last night about one of my best friends girlfriends..... anyone know a good therapist?
#2437 I'm laughably bad with people; my social skills are trash. Even for MIT standards. And scratch that, it's not even funny anymore. Fml
#2438 As a senior, I think my perspective about MIT has changed a lot. Since CPW is coming up, I thought it'd be good to dispel some "helpful advice" I got as a prefrosh and freshman.  1. "GPA doesn't matter" - o fuck off. Ok, you don't need straight A's or even straight B's to survive. Hell, you don't even need to go to college. But know that employers will judge the hell outta you if you have a shit GPA and mediocre resume. Why the hell would classes be graded if GPA didn't matter.  2. "At MIT, we have the November Rule" - lolwut. Only tourists believe this shit.  3. "Broo party cuz its PNR" – have fun while you can and get C's in classes that you give no fucks about. Just know shit habits are hard to break.
#2439 My girlfriend doesn't know this, but every time we have sex, I put a dollar into an envelope. That's all I'm spending on her for Christmas and so far she's getting a McChicken.
#2440 I didn't get into a single Ivy, and had a hard time explaining the league to my Asian mom.  "No son, I'm not sending you there to play sports. Yes, it's very prestigious. No, the Ivy League isn't about sports. Yes-"
#2441 spring break is not really spring break. We just get a week to try to distract ourselves from our work. I wish we could have time to actually rest and relax, and not worry about the six assignments due on Monday and Tuesday. People who work through break are both incredible and upsetting. I admire that you can get ahead on your work, but I also don't want to or need to hear about it all week. I don't need your crowing in my ear about how far ahead you are, or how easy the rest of the semester will be. Haven't you thought of how I might feel? First time, fine, but I don't need this for a whole week straight. I just want to sleep and make this all go away.
#2442 I don't know how to put this, but YOU SOUND LIKE A FUCKING HYENA WHEN YOU LAUGH AND NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOUR LACK OF BOY FRIEND. GO THE FUCK TO BED. EVERYONE NEEDS TO sleep.
#2443 Admin: We need fewer course 6s Admin: *schedules major projects and midterms for 6.036, 033, etc during CPW*
#2444 When your math professor likes your paper, but Malcah Effron be roasting the shit outta nothing - the nothing she seems to understand.
#2445 For a solid week, I was scared I might actually become a course 6. Then I started the programming portion of the pset.
#2446 What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little prefrosh? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in my high school too, and Ive been involved in numerous secret CIA projects targeting angsty high schoolers like yourself, and I have over 300 confirmed projects on my GitHub. I am trained in archery warfare and Im the top shooter in my entire PE pistol class. You are nothing to me but just another prefrosh. MIT will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me during CPW? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across East Campus and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. MIT can kill you at anytime, anywhere in over seven hundred ways, and thats just from psets. Not only am I extensively trained to host your egotistical self, but I have access to the entire MIT Class of 2021 Facebook page and I will use it to its full extent to embarrass your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about "Stanford being better than MIT" to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. MIT will shit fury all over you and you will drown in all of the work you'll have here. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
#2447 If I hear another swimmer say "AIDS" or "cancer", I'm going to lose it.
#2448 So I did the motivation thing where I told myself I couldn't go to the bathroom til I did the pset problem and well that's the story of how I peed my pants as a sober 19 year old
#2449 Me: Sits down to study for the 6.031 exam.  
Me: Decides that I am no longer trying to get an A in this class.  Me: Suddenly feels so much fucking better about life.
#2450 I feel so stupid. I struggle just with a minimal course load. Everyone is off doing UROPS and internships and study abroad, and I'm not doing anything. When I vent people always try to come up with the simplest solutions that only work for their major or for someone who has no reservations/is majorly extroverted. It makes me feel like a very flawed person. "You just need to do this one basic thing how are you not succeeding"? Makes me less able to open up to people now. I wonder if I ever made people feel like this in high school when I was actually smart.
#2451 Multiple studies shows that there is a substantial asymmetry in how males and females perceive each others' attractiveness, and that men are much more likely to find women attractive (rather than the other way round).
#2452 People walking by me in the library looking for a place to study rattles me too much. I imagine their beady eyes boring into the back of my head, judging my chrome tabs, my desktop background, my soul. Then again, maybe I should stop watching porn in Barker.
#2453 The NBA pays Steph Curry like they do Indians and Egyptians in the gulf countries
#2454 To the kid who always yells out proof during 18.03 lecture: it's not funny, you're just being immature. Grow up and let other people focus on lecture without being a distraction.
#2455 tbh I mostly like having anal because it means my girlfriend will finally take a shower
#2456 MIT makes me feel dumb. I know that comparing myself to the average MIT student isn't indicative of anything, and that's not the problem. I just feel like the material moves so fast in all of my classes that I have to half ass a lot of my psets. I don't have time to study, and once I get a few days behind, I have to give up on deep understanding to just get through the semester. I know I'm a reasonably smart person. If given adequate time to learn the material (which is assumed review for many), I'd do fine. It almost makes me wish I would have gone to an easier school, so I could have learned more. I haven't seriously thought about transferring becuase the people here are so great. Has anyone experienced something similar?
#2457 I've been fucking a senior and I'm totally into her. It kinda sucks because she's still so pressed about her ex but he's a shitty guy who only cares about himself. I just want to make her happy. But she just sees me as a hookup.
#2458 not sure if old men at the Z are senile or are trying to kill themselves on the gym equipment
#2459 Nanoquiz and leave is the new Netflix and chill.
#2460 MIT Confessions is 15% academics, 30% depression, and the rest: I saw you in the infinite; fuck me in the ass.
#2461 I don't understand why I feel like I need to take an 1 hour break for every 10 minutes of work that I do.
#2462 wish there were more actually tatted undergrads, if u have a weak ass tat the size of a quarter it don't count
#2463 How to make Spring Break plans with your friends, as written by freshmen: 1. "We should all go to Canada! It's so close!" 2. "Actually we should totally go to New York. It'll be so much fun!" 3. "Maybe we should stay in Boston. There's so much I haven't seen yet." 4. End up flying back home.
#2464 I've done two psets on recursion and I still don't understand recursion :(
#2465 Many people like smoking pot. But most 6-1s hate smoking pots.
#2466 Why are MIT midterms harder than international olympiads?
#2467 The only motivation I have to wake up early is so I have time to masturbate
#2468 Today I donated my watch, phone and my wallet to a poor guy. You can't imagine the happiness I felt as I saw him put his knife back in his pocket.
#2469 Dancing at frat parties is overhyped. I have way more fun dancing by myself in the shower.
#2470 If I get an assignment back, and I got a problem clearly wrong but the grader missed it (i.e., my grade is higher than it should be), is it academic dishonesty to not notify the Powers That Be?  Not motivated by any incident, just a thought I had passing through my head and I'm not sure of the ethics of this situation.
#2471 I'm falling back into the habit of lying about every little thing for no good reason.
#2472 I'm so hyped for Breath of the Wild. March 3rd can't come fast enough!
#2473 I only saw one penis at my first EC party smh
#2474 How do you respond when you and your boyfriend/girlfriend are naked in your room but you get a knock at your door... what do you say?!
#2475 Do you ever meet someone in the library and then they leave and you realize you never exchanged names and now you wonder if you'll ever see your unnamed library friend ever again or if they even feel the same about you and suddenly your life begins spiraling out of control because what if you're both looking for each other and then suddenly you realize you don't even remember exactly what they look like anymore and even if you saw them in the infinite you would need to double take and by the time you realize it was the unnamed mystery friend you were looking for all along they're already past you physically and metaphorically and then you fail all your classes and drop out of MIT all because you forgot to introduce yourself?
#2476 I swear this school is starting to get to me. I'm stressing all the time and I even started dating a guy who won't even wear pants and loves Donald Trump. How do I get out of this mess?
#2477 No matter how interested I am in the classes I have in 32-141, I always start falling asleep after 5 minutes.... I'm fine in all my other classes, what's going on here?
#2478 When I was a freshman I converted to Christianity from being raised in an atheist household. The biggest question I get now as a senior is why? Why despite being surrounded by reason did I make way for faith? There's a few reasons. The first is it makes logical sense from an odds perspective. There are two options there is or is not a God. You can choose to believe and worship, or not believe and worship. Lets say you believe and worship and there is a God. You get into heaven and it's eternal life, that's great. Let's say you believe and worship and it's all made up. Well you lived a good life, and it's not as if you can care anyway at that point. Let's go the opposite side of the coin, there is no God but you worship him, nothing happens again. Not a big deal, you lived a good life, and now you can't care after you die anyway. But lets say you don't worship, then after you die you go to hell. Now you are damned for all eternity. By worshiping you don't lose anything you can only win. Some people I know hate this piece from Voltaire, but it's tough to say it's flawed. The second is a greater need. A very clever priest pointed out to me that atheists had won and made America a secular society in practice. You can't possibly argue society is better now. Lack of faith has not given way to reason, as the last election pointed out. Look at the sexual revolution and culture change from the 60's and 70's. It's been a disaster. Divorce rates are sky high. People no longer look at their intimate partners as partners, but as trophies to be used and shown off who can be changed at will. Massive amounts of the population have turned to drugs to cope with the lack of emotional needs being met. We have essentially dehumanized each other. The big push backs to this are don't you care about peoples freedom and choice? Let me ask you this, should we be free to make our own choices on these matters? I say no. Most people, including us, when left to our own devices make poor decisions. The majority of Americans are now overweight for example, and have too much credit card debt, this includes the well educated. We can't even handle diet and budgeting. The other push back I get is we shouldn't be good only out of fear of punishment. That is true, we shouldn't have to, but unfortunately many people need that fear. That's why we have a system of laws as well. For 2000 years the western world has lived under a form of a strict Christian rule that produced a stable rising society. The idea that we can rule without it is brand new from a historical perspective and it's rather arrogant of us to think we have somehow learned more about logic and the needs of man then 2000 years worth of theologians and scientists, most of whom have done their work in the context of faith.
#2479 Why does MIT's AAA consistently have the most racist sounding events? "50 Shades of Yellower?" Last time I checked, no one is actually yellow unless they have something like jaundice. Pretty sure AAA is the same group that had those yellow fever shirts too. Thanks for fetishizing an entire race of people.
#2480 I'd really like some friends outside of my dorm! I live on West Campus--how can I find some friends in EC? (I'm a frosh btw) Thanks for reading this question!
#2481 Paige Boehmcke looked like the most beautiful woman in the world in 15.402 today in her red top and matching red lipstick. I couldn't stop humming the song Lady In Red in my head all day.
#2482 Don't make fun of fat people. They've got enough on their plate.
#2483 If you connect the BB8 on the green building to the hackers to the fireworks, it makes a triangle. Coincidence? I think not. Ring Comm is illuminati.
#2484 Sometimes I wonder if my dick is truly abnormally small. It's not something you can just ask your guy friends... But when I compare myself to the David statue, I'm like damn i got it good
#2485 I can't wait to get my Brass Rat. And holy shit shout out to ring comm for our venue
#2486 We've only had 7 days of classes so far and i really want to fuck my TA Jared
#2487 Best things about the Brass Rat: craftswoman, drake, athena, biotech bridge, ivy leaves and pinecone, and HASS Worst things: ???????? I guess the mobius is kinda lame?? Everything else is literally perfect !!!11!!1!!11!!!1!!!!1
#2488 I've been trying to pset for an hour now but all i can think about is masturbating.. however, I'm way too lazy to do so
#2489 lol our brass rat is dope af but ring comm is still a cult. Did anyone else see their "uniforms" black gold white? And all the frat boys and sorority girls drunk and worshipping their representer on stage? Pretty culty to me. Damn greek life
#2490 I'm terrified for this year's seniors to leave. I've become so attached to them and I can't see myself without seeing them everyday
#2491 I can't stop flipping through the pages of my Brass Rat booklet. This beaver makes me moist... We should get rid of playboy magazines and just distribute this booklet to the world :p
#2492 I'm actually so upset ring comm didn't put Harambe on our ring #rip #foreverinourhearts
#2493 Cows actually do not bite grass; instead they curl their tongue around it. I've never been so wrong in my entire life!
#2494 I don't know you that well yet, but the few times we've talked have been great and I sincerely hope to get to know you better. Your sarcasm is high quality.
#2495 That Dancetroupe hip hop choreographer with the red hat. <3
#2496 The food in Maseeh was particularly disappointing today, and I ended up spending a lot of time figuring out if it was better or worse than my GPA. I spaced out for quite a while, and when I came to I realized I had been staring almost directly at a woman for the past 15 seconds while she packs up to leave, and she's staring back at me intensely. I immediately ducked my head back down thinking "No no I swear to god I'm not one of those creepy dudes on the bus"  To the woman in question, I'm sorry if I freaked you out, I definitely didn't intend to do any of that today :P
#2497 Are you mad because all of your friends like me or because you'll never be able to fuck her the way I did?
#2498 Kollin's singing voice makes me moist
#2499 To the girl that I met at Baker gym while you were practicing ballet or something, I just wanted to tell you that I think you are absolutely gorgeous :) I know I saw you once since but I promise to ask you for your number next time I see you.
#2500 Queer woman looking for queer peeps to do the things with.
#2501 How to react when you find out your date has been using your lines and techniques on other women? Do you get more offended for being cheated on or the theft of emotional and intellectual property?
#2502 Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie in his Pixar collection, except for one. He is never gonna give you Up
#2503 Heard in 6.031: "Java is a low level language" spoken by someone who has obviously never seen c
#2504 My taste in men is suboptimal. I've liked guys who are neither cute nor nice. I've liked guys who have played with my heart. I've liked guys who can't be bothered to shower daily. I simply don't know what to do with myself anymore.
#2505 I my life. I need my own space. UUGHH. My bf Joseph is coming for 2 weeks so he basically won't come here and I'll have to go to his hotel because it's not a single fml
#2506 Oh my god, I finally understand what I learned last semester. I have absolutely no idea how I did all those problem sets without having a clue what that was all about. I was almost literally in Searle's Chinese Room.
#2507 I still watch YouTube Poop videos and laugh my fucking ass off
#2508 I farted once on a bus and 4 people in front of me turned around, I thought I was on The Voice.
#2509 I like mathematics because I like mathematicians. ;)
#2510 "Explain your life in one sentence."  "I messed up."
#2511 If you're not interested in a girl, don't kiss her.
#2512 Does anyone happen to know whether I could still by a brass rat for the class of 2017 now? and how? Thank you very much (Also the coat with our name on it, could we still buy it now? who is the best person to contact)
#2513 For some reason, people always remember things I say. The other day, some guy came up to me and said, "Hey remember that time you said life was cruel?" and I was like, "Wait when did I say this?"
#2514 I've gotten rejected so many times that one would think I should just give up forever. Not going to lie I have began turning to drugs and alcohol, which never let me down. But then I met a guy, and even though I severely fucked up my chances with him, he is my motivation to get better. What I'm trying to say is that putting yourself out there makes you vulnerable, but if you never do it you will never find that person that makes it all worth it.
#2515 I miss the days when I wasn't ashamed to say I was part of The Tech.
#2516 I've about had it trying to pursue a relationship in college. I've had really bad luck during high school and up to this point in my college career trying to find something serious but instead get myself involved with really socially awkward guys who don't know what they're doing, fuckbois who only give a shit about fucking me for a night, or emotionally needy guys. Yeah, I get it, we're living in a hook up culture. But I feel like you can learn more out of a relationship. And I'm not going to do something I don't wanna do just because it's "college." If I have to wait years to find a boyfriend, then so be it. Because my expectations at this point are pretty damn high.
#2517 I'm a Wellesley student. My roommate and I are each looking for boyfriends. This is not a drill. Save us from this ivory tower.
#2518 Seeing you on Messenger always reminded me of when you rejected me. It hurt so much I decided to hide you so I wouldn't have to see your face anymore.
#2519 Why do we refer to the certain archetype of comic book / movie villains as "mad scientists" even though most of them are actually engineers?
#2520 Shout out to that crazy mofo that rides around on that big ass unicycle all the time. That dude is a legend.
#2521 Dating as a grad student is so hard. Why is every good guy taken? Also, how appropriate is it for a girl to ask out a guy? I don't mind doing it, but haven't done it because I am afraid they will think of me as a slut.
#2522 Quote from 4 MIT frat boys: Men are trash
#2523 As a gay guy, I haven't been having the best luck dating here. I've met a few guys, but things just never seem to work out. For the past year and a half, I've been watching all my straight friends successfully find significant others. While I've been really happy for them, I can't help but feel somewhat envious. I'm not really sure where I'm going with this, but it would be interesting to see if anyone had any advice/felt the same way.
#2524 He broke up with me. I knew we were probably going to break up some day, but it still hurts. I really liked him and I really wanted for it to work out in the end. But it didn't. I keep on thinking about what I possibly could have done wrong. Is there something wrong with me? How much of it was my fault? Could it have gone differently if I had done something different? I'm trying really hard to not think about it because I know it's over, and mulling over the details of the break up just make me really sad. I wish I didn't still have feelings now. I still miss him. I miss cuddling together. I miss so many things. I just wish this would go away. I thought I was getting better, but today I think I had a relapse. I still feel really hurt. Some of the things that happened between us were so painful and at times I was very unhappy with how things were between us. So I guess it was probably for the better. But it still hurts and it fucking sucks. And he probably is doing just fine, while I'm trying really hard to just be ok.
#2525 MIT Memes for Intellectual beings is cancerous
#2526 Whenever I see an address, I like to use divisibility rules to check if it is divisible by 9 or 11.
#2527 I did not have an internship before Trump took office. Now I have one. Coincidence??
#2528 Missing that great dick back at MIT while being home..
#2529 When you come home and your best friend's mom refers to you as "MIT" and your other friend has you in his phone as "MIT🚀"
#2530 I felt so social before I gained the Freshmen 15 and now I feel like I can't flirt with guys because they'll laugh in my face. I'm still at a normal weight but I feel like shit and almost failing my classes doesn't help either. How do I lose the weight?
#2531 I want booty
#2532 As a current senior, I feel as though MIT has to some extent killed my love for learning. I think everyone's experience here differs, and I know of quite a few people who feel as though they've gotten opportunities here that they couldn't get anywhere else. I certainly feel like I've had some of those opportunities, but I feel as though there's not really that much positive reinforcement at this school. Throughout my time here, I've simply encountered feedback on how inadequate I was, no matter how hard I try sometimes. I guess it's good to know what my shortcomings are so that I can do better next time, but at the same time, I've never felt so dispassionate about my work as I do now. I've always known that there are lots of things I can improve, but I've rarely had an environment in which essentially everything that I tried to do turned out to be a failure. It's nice to sometimes catch a break.
#2533 I'm a freshman dating a senior and I want him to move on after graduation. I don't know if I should wait until after commencement to break up, or sabotage the relationship to make sure I get dumped.
#2534 My girlfriend got mad that I was best snapchat friends with another girl, so she sent the other girl a topless selfie to even the score.
#2535 GOOD LUCK ON FINALS EVERYONE

SIDE NOTE: we usually do not continue MIT confessions during the holiday break, but this year...

We wanna hear all the crazy or amazing shit you do during your winter break or IAP. Happy holiday season. I hope you all get to enjoy it the way you want!
#2536 I need to stop waking up in the morning and trying to figure out what I did last night
#2537 I think all of my friends are secretly precious cinnamon rolls.
#2538 I love when my poops come out quick and full
#2539 The people that don't reply when I tag them in memes are the worst
#2540 tfw the final is harder than all of the practice finals
#2541 All I want for Christmas is to know what ndS is.
#2542 where are all the cute Korean boys here *_*
#2543 Having a crush near the final week is the worst, not to mention that I'm having a crush on someone who has a girlfriend. Why are feelings so complicated ? Feelings, you go away and let me work! :(
#2544 I went to a fraternity formal on Saturday night and wanted to fuck the RA instead of my date. I'm looking at you, Chi Phi.
#2545 You broke my heart but I still really want to kiss you.
#2546 I have a huge crush on you but I can't do anything about it because your roommate has a huge crush on me and you know it, and because of that you can't be with me knowing that I don't like her. Like I know there's protocol for this kind of thing, but I know that if it wasn't for your roommate then I would have a great chance of getting closer to you and that you would let it happen. I feel so unlucky that if you had roomed with anyone else that you and I could be together without hassle
#2547 My exboyfriend who dumped me two months ago for being "bad at long distance" told me he cheated on me while we were still together on Wednesday. Is it bad if I make myself feel better by telling myself I'm way out of his league anyway? He's a piece of shit but it still hurts.
#2548 I kind of feel like a ghost. No one has any idea where or who I am and I just float around in the background. I literally know the professors better than any of my classmates.
#2549 i wish people wouldn't call exam questions trivial -- this happened to me after the putnam, and i felt fucking stupid listening to people saying that a problem was easy/trivial. I DIDN'T FUCKING KNOW HOW TO SOLVE IT
#2550 Francois Jabbour, You will be missed next semester
#2551 Interviewer:"Whats your biggest weakness?"
Me:"Interviews"
Interviewer:"And besides that?"
Me:"Follow up questions"
#2552 I don't know what your name is but I've seen you walk out of MacGregor wearing a ring comm sweater, glasses, and a northface backpack. I just wanted to say that you're super cute but I'd never have the courage to say it to your face. I'm not sure if you even know who I am :(
#2553 Can someone help with genning in Pokémon Sun/Moon? Asking for a friend ofc
#2554 Just saw Professor James Poterba (14.02 teacher and head of course 14), jogging to what I assumed was class at 12:04 with a worried look on his face. This reminded me of how great and supportive my economics professors have been to me, even though it's not my major. I appreciate their dedication to teaching and wanted to give them all a shoutout!
#2555 I want an honest and romantic relationship with a guy. Too bad that most gay guys aren't looking for that
#2556 guys! Our page where we view all your confessions has been inaccessible for a few days now. If you have confessions, message them to this page for the meanwhile! Sorry for the inconvenience.
#2557 when you and your ex are still in love, but you want to experience someone else... *anxiety intensifies*
#2558 Even though I'm a single and unsuccessful MIT freshMAN, I must admit that MIT women in my class are by far the most impressive people I have ever met. Highly intelligent. Independent. Beautiful. 99% perfect.
#2559 I'm amazed by how dumb I can be sometimes.
#2560 People are like deer when I'm biking around campus. I just want to yell at them, "Get the fuck out of the way and stop staring."
#2561 Sometimes I just need someone to tell me it's okay that I'm failing a few classes, even if it's not.
#2562 6.UAT has brought my self-confidence to a whole new low. I feel so crushed. It's a well taught class but it's also shown me how incredibly bad I am at even the most basic communication with my peers.  I guess it's something I just have to keep working on.
#2563 Why does every single bathroom at MIT smell so disgusting
#2564 Sometimes, I get bored of browsing facebook on my laptop and so I grab my phone and start browsing there instead.
#2565 It's hard to be a fat Asian girl. It feels like my fat makes people think I'm not female and I'm not of Asian heritage, like fat encompasses my entire identity.
#2566 I'm heartbroken because Jane Street keeps rejecting me.
#2567 To the small brunette who was crying in the stairwell on the phone - I'm sorry I didn't stop and see if you were ok. I'm just the most socially awkward person ever and probably would have made things worse :(
#2568 Why does MIT think having a 8 HASS classes requirement is a good thing? Like humanity is good and sometimes I gain new perspectives by the end of it, but when I came to a tech school for technical reasons, reading 150pages every week plus reflections and essays are really quite some burdens when I'm already not super interested. Can't we just have some chill HASS classes where we can just watch GATTACA and passively absorb cool humanity knowledge after a really long day? 
Not bashing on HASS classes but seriously I'm so hating on life because of how much stress they give me.
#2569 You would think that a 5.0 GPA would get you somewhere in the job hunt.
#2570 Last week I illegally downloaded a movie on MIT's network. Does this make me eligible for my Pirate Certificate?
#2571 I will never forgive the fact that MIT took what could have been the greatest four years of my life.
#2572 It's amazing how MIT can make people so heartless and uncaring for others. I thought I had made an impression on the people in my living group, but I guess not. I couldn't even get a single person to drop their work for a few hours in the night to come to a performance I've been preparing for the whole semester.
#2573 Sometimes I really dislike some of my sisters (especially those on exec) and think about de-affiliating, but then I remember there are some sisters that I have grown so close to that I can't imagine my life without them <3
#2574 It might be hard and scary right now, but try to remember that there is at least someone out there who is thinking of you. You are loved. You matter. Don't let anybody tell you that you don't. We'll get through this together, ok? Thank you for being you.
#2575 I now really believe everything can indeed happen in America. 

America, you are very interesting.
#2576 Can SafeRide take me to Canada???
#2577 Thanks Donald Trump - you are a reminder that I should apply for that job, even though I don't have any experience.
#2578 I don't think anyone expected Trump to actually win, me included. I was really torn this election, but I ended up voting for Trump. Though I don't agree with all of Hillary's policies or all of Trump's, I really did think about this decision hard, and I struggled with it. Just because I voted for Trump doesn't mean I think he's anywhere close to a good person. Like many people who voted for Trump, I'm hesitant and worried about our country going forward. His presidential candidacy could very well turn out to be a total disaster, but I hope people can find enough grace in themselves to give him a chance. To be honest, I am very hurt by the amount of hate I see on my newsfeed toward Trump supporters. I see a whole group of people being generalized and put down as idiots, racists, rapists, and uneducated rednecks when these people could very well be the nicest people you know, someone's mom, or maybe one of your closest friends. To be honest, to the people wondering where all the Trump support came from, if you even gave people around you a chance to discuss these topics respectfully and try to convince them of your views instead of putting down Trump and his supporters - if you didn't assume that your friends voted for Hillary leaving them no space to say they were thinking about voting for Trump, maybe things could've gone differently. I am not trying to start an argument here, but I wish people who advocate for tolerance and justice would be able to respect that people who voted for Trump had their reasons. They have their values, and you shouldn't just assume yours are better than theirs.
#2579 im sad and i just want to cuddle right now
#2580 On the bright side weed is legal now, so who is down for a giant blaze on killian?
#2581 I chose MIT over Stanford in my senior high school year because of the dank memes #bestChoiceInMyLife
#2582 Post-midterm procedure:

1. Open syllabus
2. Check grade weights of all categories
3. "Well, if I get 100% in everything else..."

Repeat
#2583 In a positive way, I have absolutely no worries about my future. Call me egoistic, but I consider myself as one capable, highly intelligent young mind that actually understands how this world works. 
''You don't know shit'' - you must be thinking, but I'm not even gonna try to change your mind, since all of us have those defense mechanisms that tell us no one could have a better understanding of the world than ourselves, right? A bit of a background on me - Grades and psets are fine, as well as sleep, shape, friends, and mental health in general. Plus, I got no problems with getting some action from time to time. And no, I'm not a freshman on P/NR cruising through MIT, sorry to disappoint some of you who still got their shields on. To conclude this short, rare, and positive MIT confession, I'd like to add that I wish all of you luck in sorting the puzzle pieces and getting your shit together. 
Sincerely, a slightly egoistic person for whom you'll say 'I went to college with him/her"
#2584 All the guys at Boo's cruise dressed up as secret service were hot af
#2585 I spend a few hours a week with this guy who thinks I'm straight, but I'm gay as fuck, and I have the hugest crush on him. He doesn't know either of this but we connect really well, and are great friends. He has a nice laugh, infectious. Funny thing is, as long as we're friends, and we get to hang out, I'm content with it all.
#2586 i could make love to Sam Smith's voice
#2587 I'm bulimic but have been too afraid to tell anyone for the last year.  I keep thinking I can fix it on my own, but I'm not sure I can.
#2588 Where do I go if i'm a queer girl looking for other queer girls to hook up with?
#2589 "With sockets, remember that the output of one process is the input of another process. If Alice and Bob have a socket connection, Alice has an output stream that flows to Bob's input stream, and vice versa."

When 50 shades isn't cutting it #6.005
#2590 There's this cute and charming asian dude at Next House that I really like. I met him at his frat party and I want to get together with him but I found out that he's bi and I feel that doing so might be strange. Should I go for it anyway?
#2591 I briefly considered suicide after getting rejected by a ton of internships and I'm scared of what could have happened.
#2592 My dream is to get fifty gallons of ice cream and to consume it all in one sitting.
#2593 You looked so much cuter when your hair was longer. :(
#2594 One time, I was staying at a hotel for an overnight math competition. At the event was a boy who had sent me a friend request a few weeks ago (which I did not accept because I heard he was creepy). Once, he cornered me in the hotel and made me friend him. I didn't think much of it at the time, but now I realize that was extremely creepy. And yet, I'm also relieved he didn't do anything worse.
#2595 To the guy who tried to use his crutches to prop open the second set of doors for me after I held open the first door for him, thank you for making me laugh and for totally making my day with your thoughtfulness :) I wish you a speedy recovery!
#2596 Worst part of being a super senior: your class of 2016 league buddies are scattered all over different time zones, and it's harder to get all these assholes together and play a ranked game in league. 

Best part being a super senior: you don't have to share a laundry machine with said assholes anymore.
#2597 The only reason I'm an LA is so when my students see me at a party, they'll know that I'm a cool person.
#2598 I play League with you because I have a huge crush on you, let's 1v1 sometime... in bed. ;)
#2599 Protip: if you think you're queer, try being queer. It's the best.
#2600 I wish Sam Leff would notice me.. She is such a cutie pi <3
#2601 The replacement 5.12 professor is SO MUCH WORSE than the original one, RIP my grade
#2602 I feel bad for Eric Lander every time I watch the MITx videos for 7.00x. Poor guy had to sit there for probably a couple hours and say something stupid like "To make sure you know how it works, try answering this question" over and over and over for each individual video....
#2603 The Warriors blew a 3-1 lead
3-1 reversed is 1-3
Delonte West wore jersey # 13
LeBron's mother blew Delonte West
#2604 what do you do when your boyfriend feels emasculated by your intelligence
#2605 Those of you horny students looking for a sexual relationship to relieve how horny you are... it just makes you more horny, trust me. Instead of watching a bunch of porn you'll just spend the same amount of time daydreaming about new places/positions to pound your SO
#2606 In high school, my parents would always compare to a specific girl, even though she lived in a different state. They always talked about how she was studying for the SATs in freshman year or how she didn't let boys or fashion distract her or how she would get into every college she applied to. My wonderful parents haven't mentioned her name in years, but the scars remain. I hate this girl, and I hate myself for hating her. I'm sure she's a wonderful person, but I can't even look her in the eye.
#2607 I'm a closeted lesbian, and I recently found out that my friend might also be into girls. I feel like we have great conversations, and I always feel comfortable and relaxed around her. It gives me a warm fuzzy feeling  knowing that I might have a chance :3
#2608 One of the most exciting parts of my life is the moment when that little green check mark finally appears next to my answer on MITx. I need to get out more.
#2609 Academics, Social Life, Sleep. At MIT it's pick one, right? Then can someone please explain to me how tf I managed to pick the hidden "none of the above" option?
#2610 To so many people who have post depressed confessions: You have the right to pursue happiness. You do not have to live up to anyone else's expectations. You do not have to do a damn thing you don't want to. You are an adult, you have the power to make whatever decisions you like. Pick something where you're okay with the outcome. Don't decide based on what other people are okay with. Do you.  Sincerely, cruft.
#2611 I am so socially awkward, I might as well be a potato - a raw potato. Someone please turn me into fries!
#2612 Lost my watch at a party once. Saw a guy stepping on it while sexually harassing a girl. I walked up to the dude, punched him straight in the nose. No one does that to a girl, not on my watch.
#2613 At this point my love life has come down to reading MIT Confessions and pretending their about me...
#2614 I'm sick. I don't have time to be sick here so I don't go to Medical about it. Sad reacts only
#2615 I saw you, redhead hottie with the polkadot backpack walking down the infinite. Your ass looked great in that plaid skirt.
#2616 Guy: *gets blowjob*
Guy: did u cum babe
#2617 I recall my first time with a condom, I was 16 or so. I went in to buy a packet of condoms at the pharmacy. There was this beautiful woman assistant behind the counter, and she could see that I was new at it. She handed me the package and asked if I knew how to wear one. I honestly answered, 'No, this is my first time.'

So she unwrapped the package, took one out and slipped it over her thumb. She cautioned me to make sure it was on tight and secure. I apparently still looked confused. So, she looked all around the store to see if it was empty. It was empty.

'Just a minute,' she said, and walked to the door, and locked it. Taking my hand, she led me into the back room, unbuttoned her blouse and removed it. She unhooked her bra and laid it aside. 'Do these excite you?' She asked.

Well, I was so dumb-struck that all I could do was nod my head. She then said it was time to slip the condom on. As I was slipping it on, she dropped her skirt, removed her panties and lay down on a desk.

'Well, come on', she said, 'We don't have much time.' So I climbed on her. It was so wonderful, that unfortunately, I could no longer hold back and KAPOWWWWWWWW, I was done within a few moments.

She looked at me with a bit of a frown. 'Did you put that condom on?' she asked.

I said, 'I sure did,' and held up my thumb to show her.

She fainted.
#2618 how are the people who got 5th week flags doing right now? what do you even do if you get one?
#2619 Am I a bad feminist if I enjoyed "*TRIGGERED*" memes?
#2620 Pro of MIT Confessions filtering out more posts: less shitty/spammy posts. Con of MIT Confessions filtering out more posts: my shitposts never see the light of day :'(
#2621 There's this cute guy I wanna date but he's extraordinarily intense, has abominable attitudes about gender, and reminds me of a vampire.
#2622 I got divided and conquered and then DP'd by that 6.046 midterm
#2623 I'm a sophomore and I still don't know what Taylor Series are.
#2624 Can the people who are submitting B.S. like, "Ohhh, the feeling of a hard PSet is orgasmic [yada yada yada]," just please not post? This is a place where we humanize MIT students. You're doing the opposite by saying your 8.012 PSet turns your masochist on (by the way, you freshman have no right to be saying that). Moreover, you're trivializing people's anguish. Fine, call me butt-hurt. I used to think just like you..................until my friend killed himself. One PSet, one exam, or one problem is not going to push someone off the edge, but they do contribute to that sort of shit. Don't dishonor them, and kindly STFU. Kthxbai.
#2625 I made a comment to friend, that I meant as sort of a joke, and they were hurt by it, which makes me feel guilty cause not the person who usually does that.
#2626 After a long day at work, Kanye West goes to his Kanye Nest, to take a Kanye Rest. He wakes up feeling his Kanye Best. Then he'll get dressed in his Kanye Vest, and go on a Kanye Quest. He goes to church to get Kanye Blessed, and then to a hotel to be a Kanye Guest. Then he's off to school to take a Kanye Test. But he forgot to brush his teeth, did he run out of Kanye Crest? He then realized his neighbor stole it, what a Kanye Pest.
#2627 Dear MIT Housing,

If you're going to be dicks and catch people who don't leave during one of the way-too-many fire alarms because apparently you haven't fucked over the students enough, at least do it on a weekend when I don't have actual shit to do. Then again, this note assumes you care at all about student welfare, so I guess this note is useless.

Signed,
All of MIT
#2628 As revenge for borrowing his clothes too many times, my boyfriend wore my yoga pants. He looked better in them than I do T-T
#2629 Am I the only one who feels overwhelmed by what upperclassmen (and some underclassmen tbh) do? I hear about people making their own businesses/NGO's and doing intensive research and I'm here like ...............................
#2630 I've been feeling very depressed lately - eating like crap, not talking to my friends, skipping classes, coming home late, sleeping too much or too little, failing tests and psets, surfing youtube rather than doing psets. I wake up with anxiety every single day. I have days when I spend the time I should be psetting curled up in my room or in a nearby bathroom having an anxiety attack, holding my head and waiting for the dark voices to go away. Sometimes they don't. 

People don't seem to notice this change. Why would they? I haven't made any friends close enough for me to open up to to care or notice. It's my fault I'm so alone. Yet, why do I feel so sad about this self-made situation. Maybe I'm just weak. In terms of workload, I have it super easy this semester. I've only had one or two quizzes this week for midterms, but my other friends have 3 or 4 midterms and psets together. They must be more stressed out than I am, but they're handling it better than me. I'm probably just weak.

I know that people keep telling me to seek out friends because "you can't get through MIT alone," but talking to people just seems so entirely worthless. Even if I do talk to people, it'll just feel like I'm being a nuisance to them; they won't really care. People only say that they care, but after you bother them too much, you just become an annoyance.

I already tried going to MIT mental health, but I got the same vibe from them. When I told the psychiatrist that I was feeling sad, they pried for more information and I felt very attacked. Can't they just listen to what I have to say without getting so worked up about it? I understand that it's their job to make sure that I'm not in any "immediate danger," but at the same time, couldn't they see me as a person rather than as just another patient they need to hurry up and fix? They didn't even seem to be interested in what I was saying when I was happy - listening and nodding with the same bored and distant eyes as all the other people who said they "cared." They don't really care; It's just their job. When my hour is up, they would just tell me to wrap it up and ask for another appointment time. If I can't even open up to the psychiatrist without being judged and possibly sent to a mental hospital for the slightest misstep, who else can I trust? After a few weeks, I just feigned happiness and never went back again to mental health again.

Now I'm more depressed than ever. It's so hard just getting through every single day. Who am I living for? What am I living for? What's the point anymore? I don't know what to do. I can't ask MIT Mental Health help because they'll just send me to a mental hospital. I can't talk to friends because they honestly don't care and will just find my constant depression annoying. I can't tell my family because I don't want them to worry. I'm not doing well with any of my psets, tests, or obligations because I can't concentrate. But at this rate, it's so hard to just keep living through every single day with a fake mask of happiness. When is it all going to be over...
#2631 "Why do you need a girlfriend when you can watch pornhub? " That's when you know that he's been failing to get one for four years.  #SingleSeniors
#2632 I hope Obama is not our commencement speaker
#2633 God damn it, I love you. Why do you have to be my ex's friend?
#2634 I love all the asian girls on campus!
#2635 I saw care packages in my dorm's lobby today that made me really sad. I've been a really good friend to so many people: my floormates, my sisters. I've always made an effort to be there for them. Yet I haven't received any reciprocation. Is this MIT? Cause this is bs
#2636 Is it just me, or are EC boys really hot? 
It's probably just me XD
#2637 MIT made me ugly
#2638 I can't wait until this election is over so I can feel love for my SO again. It's really tearing us apart.
#2639 Yes, I was flirting with you the other night at the team party. I'm just waiting for you to make the first move.
#2640 I really like this guy in my HASS class but the class only a half semester and ends in two weeks. I know that I probably won't see him after :(
#2641 How do you even meet a wellesley girl???
#2642 There is a tall hunk of blonde, junior or senior (he wears a ring), in one of the douche-y frats but damn is he single? I just feel like he could carry me up a mountain while having a deep philosophical conversation
#2643 Something I've always wondered:

How do MIT girls feel about guys being in relationships with Wellesley girls?
#2644 being a fuckboy is not an extracurricular
#2645 I am a grad student and I received friend requests from those who are running for 2020 Class Council positions. You guys need to chill the fuck out.
#2646 every time i check my number of fb friends i have 666 friends...sometimes i'll add people and it'll go up for a few days but then it goes back down to 666. someone please help
#2647 Being an MIT student is great, I finally get all the MIT Confessions references. Shoutout to the wicked response to #8153 during 3.091 last week...
#2648 I'm so jealous of my friends who have stable family lives. A lot of them tell me to stop complaining because they're independent and they know what it's like to rely on themselves, but they really really don't. They still have something of a safety net. I've seen them have it-- when they got sick, their parents sent them soup. When they wanted to buy their brass rats, they got loans from their parents. When their boyfriend/girlfriends broke their hearts, they talked it through with their parents. I mean, like I'm happy they're independent and have grown out of needing their family, but I never got to grow out of needing my family. I took care of my parents, not really the other way around, and it bums me out sometimes. 

I'd give anything to know what it's like to call your mom at the end of the day and talk about school and life and the cute guy that I'm crushing on in my morning class, and to have the conversation end in an "I love you, no matter what anyone tells you, you're doing great." 

I really really try not to feel sorry for myself because it's useless, and most of the time I'm really happy with my life (cuz like shit, I'm at MIT) but goddamn, am I jealous sometimes.
#2649 Sometimes I wonder if MIT was a good fit for me. I'm pretty involved on campus politically and there are the few that get excited about making change. But a lot of times it feels like talking to an echo chamber.  A friend told me that MIT is apathetic because politics isn't something that really affects upper-middle class STEM professionals in a noticable way.  But we don't live in a vacuum as much as this page suggests.  I really want to believe that not as many people act apathetic because they really don't care but because they don't know how or why to care. If there are more opportunities to get involved and people understand how the system can create change in our lives then maybe people will also pay more attention.  Whether its funding research, better healthcare, better STEM education, more opportunities and jobs, or just being able to feel like you have a say in the system that structures your life, politics isn't this just a thing that loud overly opinionated people do. It's a way of engaging your community and making it better for everyone.  You can register to vote, help people register, get involved with MIT Democrats, Republicans, whatever you stand for, generally read news, learn about how things in Cambridge change and get changed, whatever it is you want to do to feel engaged.  It's a wonderful feeling and I wish I more people around me had it.
#2650 I hate how I have always been considered the smart kid. Trapped to follow a path to a top tier school and contribute to the world, when all I want to do is drop out and go to Hollywood
#2651 I'm a grad student and I definitely spend more time sleeping than working on my thesis
#2652 there's never anybody online to talk on peer2peer.mit.edu

truly I am alone
#2653 How can I make new friends?
I try my hardest, but I just can't…
I had an group of friends, and I was happy in MIT.
But this semester they pushed me out of the loop.
They don't talk to me anymore.
I can't blame them.
I'm not a very social person.
I have autism.
Making friends has been a challenge my whole life.
I thought my friends in MIT were the kind of people who would understand my struggles.
But they didn't.
I see them together all the time.
They look happy.
I'm glad they are happy.
But I want to run to my room and cry when I see them.
They used to be my friends, and now they are not, and I don't know why.
I want to move on, make new friends, but I can't.
Everybody here was a group of friends already.
Nobody would want me in their group.
I'm shy, I don't talk much, I'm weird.
But I want friends.
#2654 Thank god the fun police crawl out of the woodwork to Correct the Record® on these confessions. It wouldn't be MIT if a joke wasn't completely killed.
#2655 Life Hack: No Tinder matches? Delete that app & download the Dominos app. Pizza's just as warm as the feeling of love but twice as delicious
#2656 Can someone pleeeeease tell me the name of the shirtless guy in the Phi Delt serenade???
#2657 i've seriously contemplated writing fake posts just to see if my friends will tag me lol
#2658 Are you on the sidewalk for Donald J. Trump?
#2659 There's this girl I'm really into who I'm close friends with but she's one of those girls who's just really friendly  and stuff so even though she's touchy I don't think she's into me. I don't really want to risk losing our friendship or making things weird by trying to date her. I really want her to stop teasing or whatever and make things clear somehow but I guess she just can't read how I feel like I can't read her :(
#2660 I almost wish I didn't graduate or at least decide to move across the country so I could keep the guy I fell in love with. He's going on dates now and I'm trying to be supportive. He seems so excited to plan them. But it's not me... and I'm handling this whole thing terribly.
#2661 Does reading Piazza count towards my 10% participation grade?
#2662 Do you guys take any drugs to stay alert like caffeine pills, modafinil, etc.?
#2663 for those of you who did not grow up in a family hurting for money:

please be aware of what (and who) you put down or make fun of. i get it, you don't buy from ____ clothing store because the build quality isn't top notch. i get it, you think frozen vegetables are gross and only eat fresh produce. i get it, you think it's sad i didn't have much of a birthday party; you rented out some country club for yours.

i know it's unimaginable to you, but i need to make sure i have enough to buy a plane ticket home for Christmas. that's what luxury is for me.
#2664 I've gotten so organized I just set a google inbox reminder for me to text the guy i went on a date with last week at the proper time tomorrow
#2665 alyssa chen is absolutely fabulous and i don't think she knows it. i love you alyssa!
#2666 I'm freeeeee! I just got out of a long-term, ridiculously emotionally unhealthy relationship and the world just looks so much brighter. Of course I feel like an idiot for letting someone else make me feel completely worthless and depressed for well over a year, but it's over and I'm already so much happier :DDDD
#2667 i dream of having sex with abby mcgee, she is so fucking hot
#2668 advice for reading through blogs/reading/hearing in general about the stupidly over-accomplished other MIT students and all their awards and accomplishments, and not feeling ridiculously out of place/underwhelming/generally like you suck?

I'm a fucking senior by the way.
#2669 how to make money easily

1. have money
2. wait for a period of inflation
3. put money in cryogenic stasis
4. wait for a period of deflation
5. take money out
6. the money still has its original value
7. you have made more money doing almost no work

problem, economists??
#2670 @8046 Not even going to comment on the ultra cruel judgement that suicide is "for cowards". It's unbelievably selfish and narcissistic to make someone'a tragic decision to kill themselves about YOURSELF. It's sad that they couldn't live for themselves- not that they couldn't live "for you". Pretty sure this isn't about you.
#2671 "When will PSet 2 be posted?"

When you chill da fuckout dude
#2672 I need a muscular latino to just bend me over and go to pound town rn.

PS I'll never forget those moments we spent together this summer! I crave your sex infinitely! Text me some time! -Anonymous
#2673 Is it me or are all the African frosh this year pretty handsome? From your secret admirer.
#2674 Best places to nap on campus?
#2675 My life is slowly crumbling to pieces like a Nature Valley granola bar...
#2676 I really wish I TA'd an undergrad Meche class this semester. Didn't realize there were so many hot girls!
#2677 What's a professor's favorite way to fuck students?

In the superposition!
#2678 Happy Wet Wednesday y'all. Can't wait to see all your insanely hung over faces tomorrow morning :D
#2679 It was late at night. The infinite was empty AF. I decided to be a wise guy and do an Usain Bolt, and tried to sprint the ~250 m distance in ~30 seconds. Now I'm about 150 m into the run and I'm feeling fucking great, and even flash a broad smile sideways to imaginary cameras. Then suddenly, out of nowhere, a grad student appears out of Building 4 carrying a tray of samples, and I crash into him, samples flying in every direction and all, and shattering what I think was 5 years worth of his Ph.D. work. Thankfully he was chill, no big deal and all. But me. FML.
#2680 If I could, I would replace half the coffee shops around here with bars because I think we need less stimulants, and more relaxation, everyone feels too stressed here.
#2681 Is it just me, or squirrels seem to prefer the east side while bunnies prefer the west side?
#2682 I don't follow the anti-suicide attitudes of MIT. As far as I can tell, if someone is committing suicide, that means their life is such a horrible hell that they can't handle carrying on, and death is a better alternative. If they're killing themself, doesn't that mean that some sort of suffering has been cut short? Isn't that good?

I'm sorry that this is probably a bad opinion... But that's why it's called MIT Confessions.
#2683 For a bunch of mathematicians, y'all really suck at barbell plate math
#2684 Two days into my MIT experience and I already feel like I am miles behind...I'm expected to know things that I've never learned before. I don't care if everyone else is ahead of me, that's fine. But I'm legitimately worried about passing...
#2685 Anna Martinez finally uploaded a profile pic and she's so beautiful in it! Marry me pls?
#2686 First day back on campus and pornhub.com went down.
PING pornhub.com (31.192.120.36): 56 data bytes
Request timeout for icmp_seq 0
Request timeout for icmp_seq 1
Request timeout for icmp_seq 2
Request timeout for icmp_seq 3
Request timeout for icmp_seq 4
Request timeout for icmp_seq 5
Request timeout for icmp_seq 6
Request timeout for icmp_seq 7
Request timeout for icmp_seq 8
Request timeout for icmp_seq 9
Request timeout for icmp_seq 10
#2687 trump is a cuckservative he couldn't hack it in mexico
#2688 Dear UAAP, 

Please give me a legitimate reason as to why I cannot drop my freshman advising seminar. I signed up thinking that Concourse was required, but now you guys are putting me through a logistical nightmare and won't let me replace it with something else?? What's the point of forcing me to no-record a class?? This is how you treat your students? 

If anyone's gone through something like this, please help.
#2689 i have lost all my work ethic and succumbed to the pleasures of life.
#2690 I think shitposting is a heavily underrated profession.
#2691 All the free time I had during the summer was weird. Like, I cried just because I had the time too.
#2692 our followers from the admins: Thank You. It's been real.
#2693 Manuel Guilln are you single?
#2694 Hey I'm a freshman trying to figure out where to live, but can't really get a legit feel about any of the houses. Can anyone help me out here? I sort of want to know what it really feels like to stay at whatever dorm from the students' perspectives.
#2695 I don't want to hang out with my non-MIT friends back home.
#2696 I'm a Belieber.
#2697 What the fuck is spacegoat and how do we say hello to it?
#2698 If there is one thing I miss from MIT it will be the wifi. The wifi at my house is such shit.
#2699 I've kept my watch on eastern time zone because I like to look at it and predict what you're up to. I miss you so much, but I'm trying to move on.
#2700 Hey people, I'm participating in Samaritans 5K walk to raise awareness/prevent suicide. Please help me raise money! Any little amount helps :) https://shar.es/1dkqYP

I'm not particularly trying to be annonmous; I just wanted to reach more people in the MIT community besides the ones I'm friends with on my Facebook. As someone who's been struggling with major depression/suicidal thoughts, this means a lot to me. It will be great and make my day if people can help out with raising money!
#2701 Glad you took your weave out, it was straight trash.
#2702 On the Uber leaving MIT to go to Boston-Logan, I looked down dorm row twinkled with rooms that are still lit at 2AM, and felt a surge of feels. I started crying realizing how much I would miss this place over the summer. MIT is a beautifuly painful place, and I wouldn't have it any other way. Thanks for a great year!
#2703 im actually disappointed in myself for not following confessions as religiously
#2704 I want my grades already.
#2705 When you're a straight male and you've kissed more guys than girls...
#2706 I had massive panic attacks after having some prolonged illness near finals, and I had to OX two classes, even though I had decent A's in both. The worst I could get at this point is a B in those two, and I did well in my other classes. 
Is an OX really worse than other grades? I mentally, and somewhat physically, was incapable of taking an exam, and at this point I at least have a chance at a good GPA. I wasn't really thinking about the long-term outcome, but now that I'm better, I guess I should ask.
#2707 The sight and sound of Evan peters in ahs: hotel did more destruction to my panties than the nor'easter of 1964 did to the east coast.
#2708 I got straight A's for the first time since high school this semester... too bad I'm graduating in a few weeks, though
#2709 Need help with packing. Will pay with sex. Once per box sound fair?
#2710 I just found out I got pregnant at one of the parties two weeks ago... haven't told him yet.
#2711 Is there a minimum gpa you have to have per semester? Or is it just overall...kinda tanked this semester :/
#2712 Has anyone ever got their stuff stolen. I'm talking about stuff like iPhone or MacBook.
#2713 I understand that there are other people awake, and that I could go and seek them out, but I was having an emotional breakdown and would have appreciated it so much if someone came to help me. Just knowing someone is willing to come over, even when they are tired as hell is super comforting. But no one came to help, as usual :'(
#2714 Your smell drives me crazy
#2715 I'm going to miss you so much but at this point I've realized there's nothing I can do to maintain our friendship, so the best I can do is tear up as I type this anonymous goodbye: Bye and good luck with everything
#2716 Ben Bitdiddled my butthole during that 6.01 exam
#2717 To the guy who was seemingly in all my classes, I'm sad we didn't become friends this semester. Here's to hoping we have a class together next year.
#2718 La verdes just majorly overcharged me but it all happened so fast so too late to go back wtf
#2719 Daysi Gomez is gonna be the chillest VP ever
#2720 When people used to ask me if I wanted to have children,I would say I wasn't sure. But I've thought about it some more and parent to child love is the strongest form of love because it is mostly giving and barely any receiving. I would like to someday have someone in my life who I care about that much.
#2721 now is a great time to remember the wisdom of George Strait. cute boy won't message you back? let it go. failed all your finals? let it go. DT pics still haven't been posted? let it go. got to admit this last one is p difficult though
#2722 Me with all these exams right now:
https://i.imgur.com/KOZcntj.gifv
#2723 Two days ago I realized that while I'm decently attractive I can't let myself think that. After being sexually assaulted multiple times, the only thought that keeps me sane is to believe that I'm not attractive AT ALL. I don't have any problems with my body but I have a problem with what the world sees my body to be. Is that all I am? A vessel to be used and thrown away?
#2724 I feel like I'm seeing you naked when you don't have your glasses on.

But it's kinda hot. ;)
#2725 Can we just go ahead and admit that DUO is shit? MIT is once again more concerned with their own liability than respecting the opinions of both faculty and students. Both groups are pissed at the new system. Fix it MIT.
#2726 tfw you get a B+ on a HASS class... that you didn't even need to take
#2727 Is it just me or does CourseRoad not have a "View Saved Roads" option anymore? I lost my road that take me at least an hour to do :(
#2728 Thanks to the people who run MIT Confessions. I know you guys probably have finals too but I'm really glad you are helping me get through finals right now...
#2729 Tfw the final brings your average down 15 points :(
#2730 Dear MIT,
On this page, I write my last confession
Read it well, when I at last am graduating    
It's the story of one who always loved you
My parents gave their life savings for you
Then gave you to my keeping
#2731 Why would you release final grades during finals week? (8.02...how did you even get all those tests graded in a day?)
Nothing like studying than knowing that you're already screwed for one of your classes...
#2732 in honor of finals: Pi rap! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sr9GbwdFXIA
#2733 I want to go vegan but I feel conflicted on the ethical issues of having a pet. But my pets are more than just animals I own to me, they're my friends, my family, and I love them dearly. But they're carnivorous. Have any vegans reconciled this dilemma?
#2734 I wish I were more feminine but I always feel like a clown when I dress up and I don't want people to think that I'm a ditz so I usually act very serious (however, I do have a sense of humor). I'm more comfortable wearing masculine clothing and no makeup, but sometimes I wish that I could be breezy and beautiful like so many girls on this campus and still genuine. Any tips on how to be more feminine without being over-the-top or superficial?
#2735 I guess I'm gonna have to no record it and will take it again next fall with the other 4 subjects I was planning to take. And it makes me sad just because it means that I'll spend less time with you babe, I'm so sorry... I admit I was way too lazy this semester and this is the way I'll have to make up for it.
#2736 when you don't feel like studying so you keep refreshing Chris Welch Photography hoping pics from the 392192 events you were at last week will be up
#2737 I'm a freshman worried that I'll get 2 Bs and 2 Cs this semester :( Is this bad?
#2738 If I hear these girls say hashtag one more time I'm gonna fucking shoot myself....5th floor stud is usually such a nice place to study stop laughing and singing at the top of your lungs
#2739 The closest thing I come to real intelligence is sleeping with smart people. I'm not kidding. 3 math/physics geniuses I have banged. Look out, MIT, I'm coming for the rest of you.
#2740 Stop trying to figure out what I got on my midterm. Stop trying to figure out what I got on the pset. Just stop fucking talking about grades. It is none of your fucking business, you manipulating bitch. 

I need new friends.
#2741 @7512: You have the privilege of studying at one of the best universities in the world with a practically guaranteed white-collar career after graduation, but are stealing from a convenience store where the first people your actions are likely to hurt are the lowest-paid service employees. I don't know you or what you've been through in life, but please consider how your actions affect those who now have less than you.
#2742 So, the other day T.I., Dr. Dre and Marsha Ambrosius dropped the song called Dope. The song itself is so smooth, so you should definitely check it out, but in the music video Travis Scott makes a cameo with an MIT sweatshirt!!!!! Shit is beyond lit, MF Travis Scott with an MIT sweatshirt bruh... Check it out here (he makes cameos at around 1:49, 2:29 and 2:50)...:

http://2dopeboyz.com/2016/05/16/ti-dope-marsha-ambrosius-dr-dre/

This was the highlight of my day... (Also that Aaliyah sample tho)
#2743 If you have too much drama in your life, drink less and do more drugs...
#2744 Dear, Matt Damon. My vagina is ready for pounding. Make a girls graduation wish come true.
#2745 My whole perception of a girl completely changes if I find out that she doesn't wash her hands after using the bathroom
#2746 Can lube count as 1 of my notes pages for the 6.006 final?
#2747 One day Edison's class teacher came to his home and handed his Mom a letter. Tears rolled down her eyes as she read it. When he asked about the letter, she replied that it said "Edison is a brilliant kid in school, please take him to a better school. He deserves a good teacher." Edison believed her as he couldn't read at that time. 
Years after becoming a successful scientist, when he opened the box that contained his late mother's belongings, he found that letter. He quickly read it. Tears rolled down his eyes. The letter said "We are sorry to inform you that your child has poor learning. He may not be able to pass this class. Please find a special school for him."
#2748 Obligatory semesterly repost:

FINALS = Fuck I Never Actually Learned Shit
#2749 I was having sex with this guy and it was going ok, and then partway through he told me to pretend he was Bernie Sanders and he started dirty talking to me about student loans and the greed of Wall Street. It was unexpectedly a huge turn-on. #feelthebern
#2750 Has anyone seen a black Swiss backpack anywhere on campus? I lost mine.
I'll post a picture in the comments
#2751 How do people that were "friends" with Donick deal with that?
#2752 I want to give a huge fucking shout-out to Professor Martin Culpepper. Despite initially being one of the most intimidating  people I've ever met, he's turned out to be one of the most persistently caring faculty I've had at MIT (although I still regularly shit my pants when I'm in a meeting with him.)

I was having lots of trouble with my 2.72 team project due to depression, and he allowed for me to work on an individual project. And even when I had trouble with this project as well, he's been nothing but patient. Once, he even allowed me to just sit in his office and work on the project while he worked on his own stuff, and let me ask really dumb questions if I needed too.

He's the sort of engineer/teacher I aspire to be in the future. I'd highly recommend taking his class if you can.
#2753 Who's the idiot asking every week for the "smartest and hottest" course Xs?
#2754 i know you read this posts,ADT girl. You refused to go out with me but I fell in love with you even more after seeing you dance in REFLECTIONS. Seeing you dance was the first reason I fell for you. It would be so hard to see you with anyone else.
#2755 Tbh Frankie Soucy is so sexy, damn
#2756 Is it morally permitted to eat in libraries/study areas?
#2757 That wonderful feeling when you overhear someone repeating and laughing at a joke that you made when anonymously nominating superlatives and that awful feeling when you realize that you will never have the confidence in yourself to take credit for any humor you might have....
#2758 There's this asian girl who has this really attractive smirk that's making me question my sexuality.
#2759 I've been so busy being hosed this semester that I haven't noticed until now that I haven't really connected with anyone... I don't know what to do with myself between now and finals :(
#2760 Getting 20 different emails from 15 different people about filling out subject evaluations doesn't make me any more eager to do them
#2761 My girlfriend came so hard that when I asked her "how was it?", she responded with "are you speaking english?"
#2762 Will you ever love me? I know that the answer is probably no, that I should probably finish it. But I do love you. I'm sorry for all the drama. I wish we were in love.
#2763 I don't believe you did whatever you are accused of. I can't believe someone would tear your life apart without thinking twice about the person you really are. You are a good person, and you don't deserve any of it. I can't wait for the day you come back to MIT and live out the future you deserve to have. Stay strong.
#2764 This confession is not entirely my own.  During CPW, every person I met was like me with high standards and similar values. I had found my people. We had strong, supportive families that valued education and made many sacrifices for it.  Our invitation to MIT meant our years of hard work were finally recognized. Most admissions applications mentioned the strong bonds between MIT parents and students. As an MIT mom, I was the person who always believed my student could succeed even when they doubted themselves. The emotional turbulence at MIT is not limited to students. My confession and that of many MIT moms I know is how painful it is to spend almost two decades giving so much more than the parents around us only to find out that on Mother's Day our students that we were once so close to, either barely acknowledged us or forgot us altogether. IHTFP.
#2765 05/12 ~6:45pm
Did anyone find an ultrium brass rat in the Building 4 1st floor bathroom?
Name is engraved, but would also take other ideas on how to track it down.
Please & thank you.
#2766 I keep seeing this cute asian girl at maseeh really late at night and I don't know anything about her besides the fact that she (probably) lives in maseeh. The year is almost ending and I don't know what to do...
#2767 At CPW, everyone at MIT told me, "No one ever gets rescinded." I'm here looking at my grades and sobbing.
#2768 free ice cream, free clover, camels, open bar, dance parties
What's good MIT?
#2769 Some of the ADT guys are actually sooooo attractive. Especially Liang, hot damn.
#2770 Rafa Reif, you are THE BOSS!
#2771 Who are the hottest and smartest class of 2020 boys?
#2772 I miss my students :(
#2773 The struggle when the water fountains won't fill up your water bottle in one "set-down" #firstworldproblems
#2774 The blonde girl who works desk at the stata gym. You are so pretty and I can't take my eyes off you!
#2775 Feeling guilty about something you did? Easy solution:

Take your sin
Do the exact same thing again
Multiply the two sins together

Congratulations! Your sins are now strictly positive, so you never have to feel bad about them.
#2776 I blew it with the girl of my dreams. I don't feel like heartbroken coz MIT's finals are like dominating my brain, atm. Looks like I've got my priorities in order.
#2777 Whoever plastered 34-101 with Lenin/Max Goldman posters before the last 005 lecture... fucking genius
#2778 I just want someone to hold my hand and listen to Weezer with me.
#2779 I know one of the people who's been writing about their heartbreak. He's a great guy - 5.0 gpa and has a lot more good stuff going for him. Unfortunately, the girl he loved didn't love him back. He's devastated and in a bad place. I wanted to advise him to go to a professional like one of my friends at another school did. Then I remembered how bad MIT's Mental Health Dept is.
#2780 I'm falling hard for this guy... and I don't think he has any idea I like him...he's way out of my league though... WHAT AM I EVEN DOING!? MIT guys are so smart... it's so hard when they're cute too :(
#2781 The Lebanese at MIT are some of the hottest internationals!
#2782 I've found a good way to fuck up the curve for my classes. I just finished the fourth season of Game of Thrones, and I have returned it to Hayden Library. That's right: the first four seasons of Game of Thrones are available in the Hayden Library.

Have fun with finals!
#2783 Got utterly shitfaced Saturday and don't even regret it...
#2784 I'm not course 6, but one of my favorite things to do ever is code while high. It's incredibly satisfying even when I'm working on tedious data processing stuff. I've been smoking and coding all afternoon and 9 hours of working went by in what felt like an hour or two. Idk if it's like this for most people but I highly recommend trying it.
#2785 Shoutout to all you habeshas, y'all are the best!
#2786 Keeping my colleagues and MITches in line like Game of Bones:
"If a mitch says their name, a man will match them on dildo.io"
"A mitch does not belong to MIT."
"If a mitch says their name, a man will add them to didlo.io"
"A mitch is named--"
"One is not a mitch" *SMACK*
#2787 When does MIT Confessions usually post all the recent confessions? The anticipation everyday hurts :(
#2788 I really want to ask you to cuddle with me one more time but that would just be weird...right?
#2789 Who's 10.10 group did a project about nipple clamps?
#2790 I hate it when people do drugs because they think it's "cool"
#2791 I know it's bad to feel this way, but I am really pissed that my friend w/ benefits has sex with other people... What can I do?
#2792 So I had sucked all her bones and started to imagine the taste of her mouth. The first time I sucked her bones was when I saw her and my roommate kissing, with their open mouths pressed together. The thought of her saliva in my roommate's mouth both repelled and excited me. It still does. It was the same way I felt about her moaning at night; i did not like to hear her and yet I often went to the door to press my ear against the door and listen. Just as I examine the underwear she hans in the bathroom - red slips, slippery bras and grey pants.
#2793 I'm an administrator and all the tents that have been going up this year are actually just practice tents. Where do you think all the people from New House are gonna live?
#2794 Man do I have a story to tell! So I've been stressed about diff eq for about two weeks, now. So it's Saturday night (and I'm like studying to death on diff eq) and my girl comes to my room dressed to kill - sexy dress to show those unbelivable legs she has, perfect curly hair, ebony lipstick, french nails and that glowy, soft skin of hers. She tells me, 'Honey, I'm wet' come and gives me an unbelievable lap dance. To my surprise, my manhood doesn't respond. She goes on to unzip my shorts so as to give me a hand job with those soft, soft hands of hers. Still nothing. So I dress up and we go to the big party. She like starts grinding on me (damn. She's horny) like it's yolo and my thing is still flaccid. Damn John. Why? her rhythmic thrusts become more pleasingly violent and sexual. Still nothing. We put in a like a great hour of grinding and then head back to my single. I like start touching her everywhere along they way. Boobs. Butt, legs you name it. Still nothing. We get into my single and we have the best foreplay ever only that John is MIA. FUCK. So her orchid starts playing around john - the finale. Nothing. She blows me nothing. I masturbate. Nothing. I masturbate to porno in the bathroom. Nothing. So i escort her to her dorm. She says she's had a great time. Kisses me passionately. Nothing. Fuck u diff eq for stressing me out until i get ED. YOU RUINED MY NIGHT.
#2795 Can I kick it?
#2796 There's this girl who hangs out in Baker a lot, and I was wondering if she's into girls?
#2797 TFW you missed out on the best part of the century :(
#2798 Fucking mice
#2799 I'm kind of a horrible, mean person but I'm pretty and smart so it's whatever.
#2800 Can MIT have these wild dance parties every weekend? PLEASEEEE
#2801 I know it's kind of dumb, but it made me really sad that none of my friends came to a performance I was in. It just hurt to see everyone else in the show talking to their friends in the audience afterward, but I didn't have anyone. It's really sad to work hard on a thing and to have no one you know come to support you or enjoy it.
#2802 "we don't have any SUPER hot guys at MIT... :("
"but Jimmy Handy makes up for all of that"
#2803 Any other ADHD students out there? I just need to know there is some peer out there who went through this and found a solution. I have been diagnosed for over a decade, but MIT is the first time I have had this level of work. I can't do work without ADHD meds but I can't emotionally function on them and end up having obsessive thoughts. Someone please email me if you have been through this at MIT, it would be very nice to talk. I'm trying to get the most out of this place, and I don't want to miss out on the education and friends.
SoADHDhelpme@gmail.com
#2804 Thoughts on the new Radiohead album?
#2805 If I want to hit on a guy but I never hear him speaking English near me so I literally have no context to discuss with him, but I can't tell what language he is speaking at all anyway, can I just be like "hey what language is that?" And maybe he will want to bang?
#2806 So I'm an international (black) guy in love with an American (latino) girl. We have got great chemistry together but I've had great chemistry with women five times in my life and have been friendzoned each and every time. I spend a lot of time with this chick but something is holding me back. May God help me.
#2807 Matt Damon >>> Barack Obama
#2808 I am okay with tents on Kresge if they result in parties like last night's!!
#2809 Good job MIT. my expectations were so low, but even if they were high, last night would have exceeded them
#2810 The blonde girl in Fixation can get it
#2811 Two people date and break up. In general, there are usually several nuances to the issues that lead to the break up- beside cases that involve cheating, obviously. Many people  don't understand these nuances. They wanna jump on a bandwagon and take sides... Basic bitches take one-sided explanantions from their friends and jump to hefty conclusions... I see 'friends' unfriending me on Facebook because I broke up with their friend four weeks ago... like wtf? Why are you taking sides when you don't understand the nuances of why we broke up?? None of my male friends have done or do this shit, and this is not the first time I see some females doing this shit. SMH. I am pissed because I really liked them as friends.
#2812 The (fictional) story of the planning of those moving day parties:
Dean Colombo: "But we'll never compete with the frats on a Saturday night!"
L. Rafael Reif: "The frats, please, call the caterers, break out the open bars, and
GET THE TENTS."
10/10 would Reif again.
#2813 I think my girlfriend is cheating on me, but I'm too much of a wimp to confront her on it. Help :(
#2814 the sequel to #prodweekstruggles: looking at all the bruises on my knees and trying to figure out where they came from
#2815 I spend a good five minutes every morning actually reading the Spam Quarantine Survey in my mailbox. It feels good to know people send me love (in addition to their shameless money requests) from places as far as Bujumbura, Burundi, and I think I'd be a multi millionaire if I summed up all the jackpot money I have won so far.
#2816 Sam Fomon is love. Sam Fomon is life.
#2817 Will i really fail music theory for never having gone to piano lab? What do i do what do i do?
#2818 E. with green bangs from 2E, (I think your name begins with an E) you probably don't know me by name but I pass you every so often on campus. Sometimes you smile at me and I smile back. I saw you today and you did not seem too happy. I hope you are okay.
#2819 @boys: if you have to wear a headband to keep your hair out of your face...GET A HAIRCUT
#2820 I feel bad for the Syrian people. It saddens me that not many are speaking up about this issue.
#2821 The reuse tables in Burton Conner increased rather than decreased the amount of stuff I need to move.
#2822 To whoever made that piss poor King of Hearts spread in the Tech, why are you not giving this event the appreciation it deserves? It's more than just a "Male beauty pageant the was in Walker memorial" as you mentioned in Every. Single. Unoriginal. Caption. You seemed to forget how the event was indeed a fundraiser for Women's Heart Health that raised about $5700 for the cause. Please give the organizers and participants the credit they deserve for this awesome event!
#2823 I was diagnosed with adhd and anxiety late this semester and several people here are suggesting that I take some time off of being here. while I have personally considered this several times (I've lost a lot of self-confidence, and perhaps a break would give me more perspective), my parents would not be okay with me taking time off. they're the kind of parents who, despite being given several hints that I could have adhd back in elementary school, told me to be more disciplined. this semester, I had a panic attack and called them (because, at the time, I couldn't think of anyone else to call) and my dad basically responded to this by saying "just don't panic". what's the best way of bringing mental health / possibly leaving MIT up with them in the most productive way possible?
#2824 so i have a question for the admins of confessions: say i submit a confession. but then i decide it was a bad idea and send another confession requesting not to submit it. would you guys cancel the first one i sent?
#2825 There are so many days where I sigh and think to myself, "I'm in love with my boyfriend" feeling all happy and loving and longing for him. Then I remember, I am very, very single and have been for years. Why do I feel so in love when I haven't even had a crush in forever?
#2826 if anyone wants to yiff come to EC ;0... rawr xD #fetlife #furrythings
#2827 Simple way to get As at MIT: FUCK YOUR PROFESSOR.
#2828 I seem to innately draw people to my side, and I have no idea why, since I don't think I have any redeeming qualities.
#2829 So many loser course 6es here... Why would you go to the best school in the world so you can work for fucking tinder or Facebook... Do some fucking science
#2830 When Verdes sells you pre-shaken sodas D:<
#2831 There's this guy that I've had a couple classes with over the past couple of years, and every time I saw him he would have the gloomiest look on his face. Even when I would joke around with him, I could never get him to give even a hint of a smile. Today I just saw him walking down infinite with the biggest smile on his face. I don't know why he was smiling so much, but for some reason that gave me so much hope. If he can find reason to be happy during this time, then maybe I can too. Just thought I'd share.
#2832 I'm so horny all the time
#2833 I wish I had enough discipline to be anorexic
#2834 I heard someone saying white is obviously better. I was shock and frozen. What year am I living in? Is it now ok to say that? I kinda worry about the future now.
#2835 I wish more people from DT were on dildo.io I need to know who to watch out for during the study break ;)
#2836 Everything is slowly going downhill :(
#2837 When I tell people (of all genders) I'm a Clinton supporter they claim that if she wasn't a woman I wouldn't be voting for her. Oh right, my entire vote as a woman is based on one single characteristic that I identify with and of course has nothing at all to do with the issues. Using that logic, wouldn't I be a just as enthusiastic Bernie supporter because I'm Jewish??
#2838 I cut my legs with a knife because I thought it would make me feel saner. Now I'm afraid to let my SO see me naked because I know she will be concerned and try to get me to get help.
#2839 Life is never more confusing than trying to use power, probability, momentum, pressure, and period in the same equations. We need a bigger alphabet.
#2840 I hate MIT dining. Everyday I feel disappointed. Then I get hungry in the middle of my pset, then I can't even concentrate. I don't want to be on the meal plan, but I like where I am living. Paying thousands of dollars on crappy food. ALL I WANT IS SOME GOOD FOOD. FUCK MIT DINING.
#2841 I don't understand why anyone would want cake by the ocean.  Did we learn nothing from the fish with sand in his buns?
#2842 my life is a shitpost
#2843 I just want a few completely free days every month where all I'd have on my plate is to just read fiction for leisure, or write freely, or read/write poetry, or play instruments, or sing, or go to museums and plays and operas.
I'd still want to go here and do the science thing but have time set aside for these things so that I don't feel guilty spending many hours/days on these things, and so that I can actually enjoy doing them in the moment.
#2844 I really like this guy on my floor and I think he likes me back. I just wish he would kiss me already.
#2845 I went to the registrar's office in Building 5 to order official transcripts as I have in the past.  This time, the sassy lady at the desk glared at me and told me that I could only do it online like I was an idiot.  The slightly nicer fellow in the office informed me that "MIT outsourced official transcripts sending to a 3rd party." 

 First dining, then security, and now MIT grades.  What will MIT outsource next?
#2846 Real talk: Is there any way we can get Mr. Kanye West to come to Springfest next year?  #mitneedsyeezus #yeezytocambridge2017
#2847 That new tent on Kresge... is... is... a MONSTER! Goodbye grassy grass :'(
#2848 All I have eaten the past week were Maseeh's tenders and fries. Now I'm addicted to ketchup!
#2849 When the classes you wanted to take aren't being offered next semester...looking at you 6.041.
#2850 MIT gave me a gf but took away my sex drive. IHTFP
#2851 After through analysis, I've concluded that handicapped bathrooms are just perfect for a quick wank on campus. First, I like loud porn, and in a locked, handicapped bathroom there is no risk of anyone walking in on or potentially hearing porn through my headphones. In fact, I can play the video without any headphones using my laptop speakers, reducing the potential of annoying headphone wires interrupting my session. In addition, there are diaper changing tables that you can place your laptop on, so you can sit on the toilet and have a wank without dealing with shit quality mobile streams, or having to try and balance your laptop on your knees while wanking. Finally, there is always an abundance of tissues, soap, and hot water to clean up after you're done. What more could you need?
#2852 Why are dumbasses posting on MIT confessions?
#2853 I forgot to order regalia for graduation. Do I even deserve a degree if I'm too dumb to manage that?
#2854 I've started using a program called GAMS for my research and now whenever I refer to it I say RIP A$AP GAMS
#2855 I am saving my virginity for divorce.
#2856 Is there a place on campus where you can write a term paper while also openly weeping?
#2857 If Leicester City can win the Premier League after being almost relegated last year, then you can still do well in the class even after almost failing the first quiz.
#2858 Why aren't there a lot of MIT girls on Tinder?
#2859 Ryan Alweiss, I fantasize about you talking algebraic geometry to me by candlelight. <3
#2860 I've always thought I was at least somewhat bisexual, but I'm really not sure. I kind of want to see what it's like to be in a relationship with another girl, but I have no idea how to approach this. Any suggestions?
#2861 Who thinks Selam G and Phoebe C are the prettiest bloggers. (Yes, I still follow the blogs like a prefrosh)
#2862 I know that girls would find me more attractive if I were on a sports team, but I have no idea how to play anything well or how I could put in the necessary hours...
#2863 Honestly I hate my fraternity. There are people I literally hate and can't be in a room with and then I have my best friend who's in the frat. Before it's been fine but he's studying abroad next year and so I'm screwed being being with people I hate.
#2864 I don't think I'm on the 2016 class mailing list because I've heard nothing about senior week or any other class events. Oh well. I don't know many in my class anyways.
#2865 Whenever I go make a piece of toast at a dining hall, I always make it a point to take an end piece. I am not the hero MIT deserves, but from what I've seen I'm clearly the hero MIT needs right now.
#2866 Why are Persians so hot?! Especially Amir, his profile picture reallyyy gets me going
#2867 who is Laser Day in the 6.009 piazza thou
#2868 What's the deal with the new water fountain near the men's room next to lobby 10? It doesn't even work as well and since its new the "number of water bottles you've saved" thing is back to nothing too :(
#2869 Silicon Valley sucks. Take me back to MIT :(
#2870 Every semester I've been here I've gotten an email from a concerned professor about my performance. This year both times it happened I just got really annoyed, even though I know they mean well. I've accepted that I'm a C student, because MIT forced me to. I recently switched to the flexible version of my major with a HASS minor so I wouldn't have to take hard classes anymore, but even now on 36 units of easy classes, even with all that extra time to commit to individual classes and the lack of sleep deprivation, I'm still getting that email. But it's still so much better than how it used to be, when I tried to be a normal MIT student taking a normal 48 units while taking all the classes required for my major. I worked my ass off, got lots of help, went to office hours, went to S3, never slept, went to Mental Health and got a prescription for Adderall, generally did everything right and then some, and still barely passed my classes, assuming you count a D as passing. It sucked. Maybe if I went back to that lifestyle on my lighter courseload I could be an A-B student, but I was so fucking miserable, and it's not worth it. If a low GPA is the price for my sanity, I'll take it. My blood pressure dropped almost 30 points from near-hypertension levels back to pre-MIT levels when I made that transition. I refuse to go back.

But I still have to meet with my professor to talk about how to fix my apparently problematic grades, which was a shock because I was enjoying that class. For the first time I was understanding what I was learning in a technical class, and I got full credit on some pset and exam problems, which is also a first. This professor is so much nicer than other professors too. I'm so used to being treated with contempt by professors, but he treats me with respect and it's such a shock. I don't know what to tell him. Usually the message I get from these meetings is, "just get higher scores." Guess I just have to grin and bear it like always and flounder my way to graduation.

IHTFP is not a cute little thing with double meaning for me. I genuinely, deeply, hate this fucking place.
#2871 Harvard gets Steve Aoki and some Bentley University gets the Chainsmokers for Spring Fest. Who do we get? Freakin' Jeremih (who dat btw?). Whoever were in charge of this, y'all better wake the fuck up and do better. This will not do.
#2872 Marshall, don't listen to the haters. You don't need a mohawk, just bring back the manbun please :)
#2873 Kenneth Collins...teach me how to dress like you...you're so hot >_>
#2874 I'm a guy who's having a bit of a hard time identifying myself as a bisexual or just a straight mofo. I mean, I'm really into girls but there're are exemptions whenever I see these "exchange" dudes from Netherlands and Germany... I'm like "shit, I wanna get fucked by those two right now"
#2875 To the girl in the purple dress at Ring Delivery: You are real world hot.
#2876 Is it wierd that I photoshop my crushes on nudes and fap to them :/
#2877 Ever since I farted in bed, my girlfriend won't let me be little spoon anymore :(
#2878 So I just read that the US may start forcing women to register for the draft and I think that's fucked up on many levels. The idea is that if women want the same rights as men then we should serve along side men. And I realize that the draft is rarely used but this is isn't even about equal rights and using that as the reason behind this is fucked up. If it was really about equality, then the military officials deciding this and pushing for this bill should not be mostly men. And frankly if the military can't even ensure the safety of women in combat now, specifically when it comes to sexual assault, what do you think is going to happen if women are forced to be there? 

I am personally very anti-war and think no one should have to register for the draft regardless of sex. But if this is really going to be about equality, then I want the same men that think it is right to send women off to kill others and/or die to give me and other women the rights we actually deserve. Rights like full access to birth control, feminine products (without a pink tax), equal pay, and the right to decide what to do with my own body without the influence of government.

I get that a lot of people may agree with this bill and I'm not "anti-America" for disagreeing with it. I just think it's wrong to use women's rights and equality as an excuse to force people to serve the military, especially when the military is not the only (or often even the best way) to serve your country. These men don't actually care about women's rights. If they did they would have done more about sexual assault in the military and other women's rights issues in the US.

I'm just irritated now. It's late, I'm tired, and what I read just made me really angry so I probably did not develop my points as well as I should have or even used the most proper and/or accurate terms, so I guess you can say this was more of an angry rant. I'll do more research on this later but I just wanted to blow off some steam right now.
#2879 You're my best friend but lately all our interactions turn to shit. I don't want to lose what we have but I don't want to keep feeling this way.
#2880 The track men look so hawt wit dem mohawks. I hope Marshall Wentworth actually gets one.
#2881 I was late so I cut a line and now I'm late AND a shitty person.
#2882 I'm an undergrad girl do I have a chance with Erik demaine??? he's so cute
#2883 Ok sempai, the graduation ceremony is closing in. I'm waiting for your letter in my shoe locker telling me to meet you under the cherry blossoms. You don't have much time left.
#2884 <3 Asli Demir is perfect <3
#2885 Last week I hooked up with this guy, and got a text the next day saying "best study break ever!"... wtf even is my life anymore?
#2886 Why can't we always have music playing outside the stud? I love it! It makes campus feel more energetic, gets me to want to go outside, and makes this place a little happier :)
#2887 thanks for the goats francois
#2888 Why does the MacGregor Athena cluster printer NEVER working. Wth
#2889 Anyone going to study/work in Paris for the summer?
#2890 last year's King of Hearts winner is SO hot, I always see him around campus and I have this weird urge to hug him.
#2891 I'm considering getting extremely drunk just so that I can find the courage to tell my best friend that I've been in love with him for the past 3 years.
#2892 there's so much drama and shit going on here about consent or racism idgaf I'm just trying to take classes that'll tear my butthole wide open and learn some dope stuff
#2893 Intellect is so fucking unfair. I know some kid who literally just plays Hearthstone and League of Legends all day and now he's going to Harvard. Meanwhile, I'm working hard all the time and would be happy just to pass my classes. I want to do a PhD, but I don't even think I will even get a job at this rate, let alone get accepted at grad schools. Fuck everything.
#2894 Maybe Trump is onto something? I'll try talking nonsense and insulting my way to an A in the class...
#2895 Great.  Now she shows up on Facebook as liking click bait.  I guess I'll just have to deal with her crossing my mind every time I go on Facebook.  Sigh...

Oh wait...  she was already on my mind all the time.  So fuck you universe!  Get out of here with that weak shit you cosmic asshole!  Amateur.
#2896 Tbh I don't even know my 8.02 group's names
#2897 The CI-H requirement is such bullshit if you come into MIT with basic English essay capabilities. Two in a row now, two different departments, and it's the same story: spend hours of your life writing 10-page papers, but make sure to not get too creative or too advanced in your argument! Stick to X exact format and don't tweak the thesis we pre-wrote for you in the prompt too much!
#2898 Welp, time to start my 6.uap project.
#2899 to #6284 - I think it's important to realize that MIT is a very large institution, and that these changes to security, dining plan policy, and fossil free MIT thing are not something that happen overnight. It took MIT over 3 years to make Add/Drop forms be online.  It still hasn't done this for minor forms.  If that takes at least 3 years then even considering a change to any of the things you listed will take well over that amount of time.  In a way, it is discouraging. But I think the better way to think about it is that the world won't change overnight either - it should be a lesson of perseverance and determination to enact change and not get discouraged if it takes a really long time.  

To be clear though, I'm not justifying MIT's slowness to change. I'm against huge bureaucracies for this reason. I'm also not a fan of saying at least we're more progressive than the Ivies where it takes even longer to change things. We shouldn't compare ourselves to anyone we should just do the shit that needs to be done.
#2900 I'm really torn between Harvard and MIT. I'm pretty sure I would have easily committed to MIT by now though if I had never seen this page. A lot of the confessions make me scared to go to MIT. I don't want to be crushed by school...
#2901 Just completely bombed my 15.501 exam, but it frustrates me more when I think of how my friend is ahead of me in Dark Souls III.
I'd rather fill my lungs with carbon monoxide before admitting he's better at the game.
#2902 @6241 when it's later in the evening, hiding in killian is a good option. the alley behind Clover is quiet, but it's kind of scary when it's late
#2903 Any gay or lesbian peeps had success with dildo.io? So far, it seems that it works best for straight people who live in EC. Not to mention that I don't actually know the names of most of the hot guys I see around campus, most aren't interested in other guys even if they did know my name. Thanks for making this anyway, though, Mx & co.
#2904 I want to use dildo.io, but I'm paranoid about someone leaking the data and everyone's selections becoming public.
#2905 graham central stATION IS MY REASON TO LIVE. KEEP IT COMING MASEEH D I LOVE YOU
#2906 He doesn't love me. All my sorority sisters have boyfriends who love them- I've been with mine six months and he hasn't said anything. Should I leave him? I just want love.
#2907 Am I the only Chinese person that speaks to my parents in English?
#2908 My friends and I were making a privilege and oppression chart. But we have an on the fence one. We can't decide who is more oppressed. A black trans woman, or a half black, half far eastern Asian woman who is handicapped with ALS and is mistaken for a Pacific islander by some people. Any thoughts?
#2909 Accidentally deleted my dildo.io account (lol was stupid and thought it meant to reset it) Oh well, I probs wasn't going to use it anyway
#2910 What are some advice/opinions on psychiatrists at MIT Mental Health? Specifically someone a little bit older and more experienced like Dr.Silk, Dr.Van Niel, or Dr.Lejeune?
#2911 found out that my ex hooked up with a girl at Next House
#2912 Madison Darmofal was looking so hot today
keep it up beautiful
#2913 There are a lot of good Anime this season.
#2914 Sometimes when I am hungry I look at food from back home and cry.
#2915 UMF SO MUCH SEXUAL TENSION IN DANCETROUPE REHEARSALS LATELY

y'all better come to the DT shows because I need the audience to share this heat with me, like goddamn
#2916 Matt Davis is the Zodiac Killer.
#2917 Is Jeffrey Zhang taken? He's so cute!!!!!!
#2918 Dear J, 
It was really great being your friend in college. I honestly don't know if you feel the same way, but I consider you to be one of my closest friends. This may sound weird or stupid, but over the past few months, I've started realizing I have really strong feelings for you. I know that nothing will ever come of it because of geographical distance (we won't even be in the same country after graduation.) I also don't think you see me as anything more than a really good friend. Regardless, I feel lucky to know you. Anyone would be so lucky to have you as a friend.
I wish the best for your future and hope you fulfill all your dreams. You work really hard, and you definitely deserve it! No matter who you end up with in the future, I hope she realizes how lucky she is to have a guy like you.
Sincerely,
K
#2919 I know i have a boyfriend, but i like you so much.
#2920 My friend and I both just came out of long term serious relationships. They're having a lot easier time getting back into things, and embracing casual sex and dating. I want to be happy for them, but every time they talk to me I'm just really jealous because I'm socially awkward and I don't know how to do this :(
#2921 Swoon is such a nice word. It should be used more often.
#2922 So I met this girl the other day. We had the most deep conversation ever. We expressed our love to each other the very next day. I feel amazing now
#2923 My roombae and I made a giant pot leaf for the dome in honor of the blessed day of 4/20. Much work, such reward. Class of 2018, get these rings delivered in ganja style!
#2924 I can't wait to get my Brass Rat but all the lovely pictures of excited sophomores are just a constant reminder to me that I'll probably be picking mine up alone.
#2925 *sigh*...looks like I'll have to boycott $20s now. Of all the damn bills to ruin, why the one I use the most?
#2926 I wish I could redo this year and take out all the shitty parts.
#2927 I think MIT should release our admissions officers' notes. I think it would help a lot of people if they knew what MIT thought made them worthy of being here.

Then again it might just be "Jane Doe is a girl and we need to hit the quota so she's in" so maybe not...
#2928 Hey, uh... can we stock... larger... free condoms?
#2929 I tried to be productive so I popped an adderall, but then my roommate introduced me to slither.io. Damn, I didn't get any work done but I had the largest snake in that server. #HyperfocusingOnProcrastinating
#2930 This issue has been on my mind for a long time and after watching the last democratic debate, I realized I had to make this post. I am quite honestly astonished by the sheer number of Bernie Sanders supporters at MIT and other elite institutions of higher learning across the U.S. 

While I actually agree whole-heartedly with him on social and foreign policy issues, his fiscal and economic policies are as absurdist as a 1972 Luis Buñuel movie. Not only would a 15 dollar minimum wage instituted at a federal level decrease overall social welfare but it would actually hurt the poorest people of the country the most. There would be much fewer jobs for American workers and more jobs outsourced. People that are willing to work for less aren't able to. Of course certain cities/ states can viably maintain a 15 dollar minimum wage which is why it has been instituted at those levels. Then Sanders goes on to say that he would be in support of regulation that would make it illegal for American companies to outsource jobs and would like to see an end to most of our free trade agreements with China, NAFTA, etc. This is almost comedic in stupidity. If that regulation was actually passed, companies would simply move out of the U.S which would hurt the economy even more. Tapping into the global economic ecosystem is crucial for American success in the future and it is a backwards view to isolate ourselves. Finally, at the crux of Sander's economic policy is the villainizing of the rich. It's clear through all the various debates that he views rich people as greedy, evil people that provide no value to society. This simplified and narrow-minded view is ignorant. Yes the previous recession was in part caused by "greedy" leaders of banks but from a higher perspective the actual problem was caused by mis-aligned incentives on the part of the federal reserve and U.S government. Additionally, the finance industry is largely responsible for the innovation and growth of the American economy throughout much of the past decade, which Sanders clearly doesn't know/ acknowledge. 

No Bernie, I refuse to "feel the bern", and I would highly encourage fellow MIT students to consider the consequences of these fiscal/ economic policies thoroughly before blindly hopping aboard the hype train.

-concerned MIT senior
#2931 What the FUCK did you just say about my hair?!
#2932 I want to sit on one of the four blocks at each corner of Lobby 7, but do not have the climbing skill to get up there...
#2933 This question may sound bad but please hear me out, I mean this in the least judgmental way possible: Why do Asians feel like they're underrepresented here? Asian Americans represent about 5% of the US population but at MIT represent about 30% of the student population. Meanwhile US population vs MIT population for other races respectively is about 12% to 10%(even though many black students will say that is number is more realistically 5-6%) for Black students, 16% to 14% for Hispanic/Latino students, and 63% to 51% for White/Caucasian students. (I'm not including the numbers for international students, undocumented people, or other smaller or foreign groups because the numbers on specific groups are a bit fuzzy.) But according to these numbers, how do you feel underrepresented? Again, this is out of pure curiosity. I do not mean this in any judgmental or possibly racist way. I just overheard a few Asian pre-frosh talking about discrimination in admissions processes and feeling underrepresented at a school like MIT and I just want to understand your perspective better.
#2934 Who is going to the Formation World Tour on 6/3?? I need someone to go with >__<
#2935 I honestly wish I had the courage to just tell you I like you, because then you could say you don't like me, and then I could leave you alone for the foreseeable future. 

Or you could go out with that one girl you're always sitting with. (I don't have the guts to go sit with you like she does -- I wish I did. You guys look so happy together, it's really cute.) That'd actually help me a lot. I mean it wouldn't make me feel better, but it would confirm all my negative feelings? Something certain would be nice at this point.
#2936 Is it weird to congratulate my neighbor and his new girlfriend for what I heard very clearly last night?
#2937 on my 16th day of a 30-day masturbation challenge. Things get soo better.
#2938 If I reach out to you it will destroy me.
#2939 Sometimes, I feel like I just don't belong here. Everyone else seems to be having so much fun, and at large social events, everyone seems to know everyone else. I'm not anti-social and have a few friends who I am super close with. Yet, without them, I feel like it's very difficult to really squeeze myself into any conversations. Is this even normal?
#2940 everyone needs to smoke some weed this weekend and chill the fuck out...
#2941 @5964 who said, "That 6.006 exam killed me...
- That's nothing to be joked about, there are people that actually get killed everyday!
That's how ridiculous y'all sound"

The difference is that no one thinks getting killed is trivial. Also it happens to everyone, it's life's great equalizer. 

People make getting raped seem trivial all the time. "So what, like you had sex, and regretted it?" That really hurts.

That's why it's not okay to use getting raped as a joke.

In a similar fashion, it would be okay to say, "oh man, that test killed me," but it would not be okay to say, "oh man, that test gassed me in Auschwitz" or "oh man, that test lynched me like they do down south" or "oh man, that test hit me like a Muslim jihadist hitting the World Trade Center." Those last three statements aren't funny, because they don't happen to everyone. They're specific to certain groups of people that got hurt by other people.
#2942 As an undergrad I wanted to make a Course 3 shirt with the Wutang Clan "W" flipped onto its side.
"DMSE ain't nuthing ta fuck wit"
And Course 10 shirts that would say
"X Gonna Give It To Ya"

Someone please make these for me. I'd buy them.
- An alum
#2943 How do you talk to people? Seriously, my social skills are so poor it is taking a constant toll on my confidence. 
First of all, I am an international student who grew up in a vastly different culture from most of the students here. It's literally two opposite corners of the globe, so it is always hard to relate to people based on some key elements from this culture. 
Secondly, I find it hard to keep a conversation going most of the times. It feels like people doesn't care what I'm passionate about/I don't care what the people I'm meeting are passionate about. This might also be a big reason why I de so antisocial, but how can I break out of this circle? 
Finally, due to spending most of my high school life after some very special extracurricular activity, I am mote used to being in a clique than being in a friend circle that's more of a sparse graph. But it takes time to build a clique anywhere and in the meantime I am feeling awkward and lonely. Any suggestions?
#2944 I wonder if I post a picture smiling and caption it "I smile because kittens are cool cucumbers", maybe people will target me thinking I'm discriminating against:
1) people who have no teeth
2) kittens in general
3) vegetarians

What the fuck. No. I'm smiling bcs fucking kittens.
#2945 for the lack of confessions as of late - we are experiencing some technical difficulties with our site. Thanks for your patience!
#2946 To the guys who sat on the back and clapped their hands at the end of today's 5.111 lecture, if you don't want to pay attention to the class, then I suggest you to shut the f up or leave the room. You're being rude and disrespectful to the Professor and everyone around you who wants to learn.
#2947 golf wang
#2948 a fantastic Spring Break 2k16 everyone! #Ultra
#2949 Yall motherfuckas that work out in the gym in the morning are some evil, and uncaring creatures. A college girl can only buy som many panties a semester, and here yall motherfuckas is looking all sexy and shit with your wife beaters and biceps. Massive destruction to a girls panties.
#2950 Why is that african american woman at Verdes always so mean to students? She overcharged me and when I pointed it out, she was very condescending. And I have heard from many that she is really mean to people. Do I really need to deal with this while I am stressed with classes already?
#2951 I made so many friends in college mom!

They're all robots.
#2952 While I am not a Trump supporter, I refuse to believe that those who support Trump are evil, ignorant people. I refuse to believe that about my parents, who support Trump but raised me well. I hate politics because of the divide it puts in people.
#2953 I'm in love with Joe Steinmeyer. How does he have time and energy to be so smart, nice/helpful, up on his cultural references and look like he stepped off a hipster fashion blog?
Too bad he mentions his gf in class. If that goes south, need to be around to swoop in..hehehe...
But why is his office in the most inconvenient location to convincingly "casually totally not on purpose" run into him on a regular basis?

Tl;dr hot lecturers should have easier to stalk office  locations. It'll be good for campus mental health.
#2954 hosed af this week but i haven't considered killing myself at all - it makes me realize how far i've come since last year. i know it's a shit time in the semester but hang in there everyone
#2955 I like a girl who says she likes me and someone else at the same time. I'm hurting and I'm afraid to say anything to ruin what we have. It's a sweet torture; I love it and I hate it.
#2956 When I first got to MIT, I didn't concern myself too much with grades. I thought, "In my major, companies won't care much about my GPA since I'm in the top program in the country, ahem, world." I wasn't planning to apply to graduate school right away, and I preferred to spend more time fostering the important relationships in my life and pursuing my extracurricular interests. My parents disagreed and it has been point of contention. A few years later I started applying to summer internships and many of them had a 3.0/4.0 minimum GPA requirement. I only had a 2.8/4.0. I thought, "Shit, my parents were right, I should've tried harder. It's going to be more difficult to find a job than I thought." I applied to six, got interviews at my top two choices, and received an offer from one of them. I'm really excited :D I guess I shouldn't have tried harder after all?
#2957 The only thing worse than EC culture wank is SH culture wank.
#2958 I want to pee off the top of the Green building and see everyone below open their umbrellas because they think it's a rainy day.
#2959 I'm tired of seeing students here obsess over people they deem to be "legit" or "super smart," the kids who ace the grad-level classes and get tons of job offers. Sure, those people are very impressive and should be respected, but there's more to people than concrete measurements of accomplishment. 

MIT is an amazing place filled with high-achieving people, but this emphasis on achievement is too pervasive. I wish we could spend more time valuing and appreciating other attributes of people that matter more, like generosity or humility or bravery or kindness. I'd like us to spend less time revering success and more time treasuring our friends.
#2960 My 7.05 TA makes me question my sexuality. I love everything about her, from her sweet persona and incredible knowledge of biology (although she's so humble) to her cute glasses and the way her ass looks amazing in everything she wears.
#2961 Does anyone else feel overwhelmed by MIT support resources to the point where you actually don't even know what they are? Like what is Peer2Peer? Mind Heart Hand idk if that's even it? I just keep getting emails about more new things and it's pretty overwhelming in a bad way. Can we just have like...5 solid things that cover all the bases? I don't want to have to sit down and google for 30 min to figure out what each does before using one.
#2962 While we're all sharing S^3 confessions... I went to S^3 freshman year after some stuff happened and I needed to miss class. My dean (not going to call anyone out specifically) immediately jumped to suggesting I take the rest of the semester off, or at least get my finals moved/excused. All I wanted was a note from S^3 excusing my mandatory attendance class and maybe allowing me to be late on a pset. Instead, I found my dean was incredibly emotionally manipulative, making me think I couldn't handle what had happened and needed more drastic measures (going to mental health, time off, regular meetings). I wondered (and still do) if this sort of emotional manipulation is why so many MIT students are dependent on S^3 deans. 

I made up some lame excuse about having a meeting and eventually ghosted them when the dean kept asking for follow-up meetings, and never went back, even when stuff got rough over the next four years. Terrified the hell out of me.
#2963 I voted for Trump. Trump is a liberal-leaning moderate (especially on social issues) who is smart enough to know that the only way to get nominated in this country is to act bat-shit crazy. 
More importantly, a vote for Trump is a vote against Cruz. Who is actually bat-shit crazy and the thought of him as a president terrifies me.
#2964 As an international student, who has to renew his/her visa in two years, the idea of having Trump be president scares me. Like what if my visa doesn't get renewed, I don't want to leave. :(
#2965 I caught one of the cashiers from La Verde's leave the bathroom without washing their hands. Gross!
#2966 read about the cfs again so pissed off with the people you love.
You, my love, I was born in the year 91, also learn neu. I'M 95 locked k55. He big gym smart in all things. They are generally the other brother is also called just being accused of is.... Afraid of ghost and doctor squint emoticon.
The reason is that when I was a kid, were you sisters now have 1 Wives, 1 children, or to finish watching the movie ghost. When I was a child, and got to see the movie ghost was done for you, you finished off the balcony, lock the doors, just stand on the balcony, I cry, it's done passed out scared from it until now squint emoticon
You can kind of afraid of ghost is on, you know. Specialist asking to go to the movies. Kind of think he went to the movies, ma used to hug me with your hand, but.... See the kind of "slip" ghosts flying through, so I can close your eyes. When finished, open it and there's a ghost, I suddenly appear on the screen is screaming "Asia" than girls. Done and time to sound like I hug the wrong 1 you sit next to the south. Come on don't let me over. Done, done, and see the show "open your mouth, or feel scared". To be honest, can't go back to God. And the type of "with you, go back to where you are, you are finished, I drive you home tomorrow to pick up"
Tell Mom, " are you afraid of ma sick, I with you "..." Mom, don't you pissing your pants ", Done a few times through the house. Kind of talking things out, he had to go to the bathroom is finished, I ran away. When you don't see you, sound like thon blocking done out the balcony for you. Thought I left home, next time I go out from the rón let your hair down and scare him 1 k right behind, he's a little punch in the face, because I was afraid to sound like I done told you "joke".
Well, it is asking me to go see the movie ghost but, look at him like that, too bored, fed up, it's best just watch movies for you, go take a piss. Tired with these guys, is there any way to fix this? I check this is kind of like a concussion, or psychology, but still don't understand why you like squint emoticon. That's strange.
#2967 THE NIKE WEBSITE ISN'T BLOCKED ANYMORE
#2968 can we please get a dogs of mit facebook page kthx
#2969 6.005 is teaching me to write code reasonable-looking enough that my reviewers won't say it's unreadable, but unreadable enough that lazy reviewers will skip over it, comment "good job" somewhere and move on.
#2970 if trump replaces obama, then orange will actually be the new black
#2971 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKWmFWRVLlU
Please watch this informational video
#2972 MIT makes me wish I was a kid again.
#2973 Do professors judge you for falling asleep in class? Or do they understand that it's not that the material isn't interesting, it's just that you haven't slept in three days?
#2974 Matt Damon > Spielberg
#2975 I really did not think that college students would still act like high schoolers when it comes to being with friends.  I mean, if you don't like someone then that's one thing, and if you have a certain group of people you usually do stuff with, then good for you.  But if you have a friend that wants to hang out with your click or whatever, then why is that friend all of a sudden cast in the shadows as if he/she isn't even there?

It really doesn't make sense, especially if you are very familiar with everyone in the friend group.  Personally, I'm really struggling with the fact that I am being marginalized by people that I've gotten to know since September, and it really makes me sad knowing that I can't hang around these people without always feeling like a stranger to them.  Yes, I could hang out with other people, and that's what I've been doing nowadays.  The problem is, I see these people just about everyday, and that always reminds me that for some unknown reason, I can't interact with them the way I used to.  

If they don't want to be friends, it would be nice to know so that this problem doesn't continue to weigh on me.  And if they do want to be friends, well it would be nice if they could start treating me like one.
#2976 "American Crime". While still the best show television has to offer I must say that ending was "Strange."
#2977 I hope you realize just how amazing and nice and funny and gorgeous you are and find someone who appreciates it. It breaks my heart everyday knowing you'd never want to be with someone like me.
#2978 TSA officer at the airport, seeing me in my flashy MIT sweater, corners me, "Son, you are smart. Can you explain to me what these gravitational waves I read every day in the news are all about?"

The fuck do you expect me to explain to you gravitational waves, when after all these years I still have no goddamn idea what the hell is gravity, let alone waves?
#2979 I'm starting to doubt my humanity.  I can't remember a time I've felt romantic feelings toward another person, and my sexual feelings vary from day to day.  It's been a while since I've felt like I've gotten anything out of human interaction, when I talk to other people I just feel nothing.  It's not that I'm super awkward - most people who know me probably thing in fairly normal.  I just feel like a robot sometimes.  I don't want to be this way, and I've tried to change things and make an effort to socialize more, but when I go back to my room at the end of the night I just feel as empty as ever.  Maybe I haven't tried hard enough or put myself out there enough, but I'm starting to lose faith in my ability to experience human connections and lose hope of ever being normal.
#2980 If you've never ordered from Dumpling Palace on grubhub, you're really missing out on some craaaaaazy stuff...
#2981 Walked through kresge today at noon. I felt like I was in another world. I imagine this to be what a normal college campus is supposed to look like.
#2982 ...OK, let's see... I guess that I'm confused again. Am I here, or am I there? I don't know. Over there, I'm everywhere. I know that. But here is connected to over there. Is that right? But then, where is the real me after all is said and done. Oh! There is no real me. I guess that's it. I only exist inside those people aware of my existence. But what about this me that I can hear talking right here and now? It's me, isn't it?

This me that's talking. Who is it? Who's me?

If you're not remembered, then you never existed.

People only have substance within the memories of other people. And that's why there were all kinds of mes. There weren't a lot of mes per se, I was just inside all sorts of people, that's all.

There was no reason for me to stay in the real world any longer. In the real world, it didn't matter if I was there or not. When I realized that, I was no longer afraid of losing my body.

History is not merely a linear collection of points that we pass through on a timeline. They are connected by a line. No, perhaps it is more accurate to say that they are made to connect.

CLoSe ThE WorLd/TxeN EhT nEpO
#2983 So... Close... Can't... Stop... Watching... https://countingdownto.com/countdown/spring-break-countdown-clock-b41e4d68-9a37-4770-9c8b-11e4c41701c7
#2984 THANK YOU DRAGON OF GAINS
#2985 Poop.
#2986 MIT Track and Field, always hogging all the victories.
#2987 For all those people who don't know Next House Elevator courtesy, here are the rules:

1. It is only acceptable to take the elevator to floors 2 or 3 if you have a bike, large package, or physical ailment.
2. If the floor 5 button is already pressed don't you dare hit 4. If you really don't want to spend the energy to walk up, at least ride all the way up to five and walk down a flight of stairs. It saves the other passenger time and frustration.

It's really not that hard, people should have figured this out on their own. I'm not sure if they're just oblivious or un-courteous.
#2988 Bless the students who take the time to answer questions and explain things on Piazza
#2989 i love it when my girlfriend asks me whether she can go down on me, I love putting my penis in between her sweet lips. the physical stuff is great don't get me wrong, but I love her so much on top of everything, and still get that feeling that she's so out of my league, that I just can't hold it in.
#2990 After years of trial and error, I've finally found the best way to the make sure your farts are always silent.  the key is to actually physically pull your ass cheeks apart when you need to fart.  pull your buns apart, and delicately release your ass fumes.  Or just spread em and let it fuckin rip, it doesn't matter because you're a sneaky motherfucker
#2991 I'm testing to see if my confession will be posted so I can secretly communicate with my friend through MIT confessions ;)
#2992 Frequently I wonder if the compliments on my work are really just other people being polite instead of them actually liking what I'm doing.
#2993 Sometimes I put a bra on my face and use it as a sleep mask. Then I wear it the next day.
#2994 is it just me or was that 6.01 review session super unhelpful?? getting through 1 out of 15 pages of the packet in 2 hours is not even close to sufficient...
#2995 I have a thing for one of the McCormick Housemasters' sons.
#2996 i want to do _this_ with my life, i just want to study math, but over and over i get slapped in the face by grades, and i can make up reasons for why i failed to meet my own expectations in previous semesters (no sleep, psychological instability, etc. etc.), but even now i'm proceeding through an uneventful semester, except for the fact that i'm still falling short. the only reason i even care about grades is because i want to go to grad school but even with that carrot dangled in front of me, even with that motivation i still fall short.

is this how studying math is? is it a constant struggle just not to drown?
#2997 Dear XhiDae Otam, I just want to grab your afro and rip it out of your head like a bull charging into a Chevy Honda. It's sexy... and you're naughty. Oh but that's not the only thing you are. No no no. You are so much more... so much bigger than the average... You are... a truly singular person and although now you experience this through pain someday that very same pain will be useful to you because anything or anyone worth their space was forged through adversity. Your Friend "James" Perez.
#2998 the people on my floor don't care about me :(
#2999 Who here has that one friend who insists on debating the merits of this or that programming language during every meal?
#3000 I think engineers are intrinsically bad people.
#3001 turns out the girl that i liked goes around... well guess I should move on
#3002 don't touch me when I'm sleeping means don't fucking touch me when I'm sleeping
#3003 I was always so proud of saying that my fraternity was different, but after the way we dealt with a "thirsty" brother and a girl who was too drunk, I feel kinda disgusted. Too bad all my friends are in my frat I guess.
#3004 I feel that so many people at MIT are gay because the girls here are not as hot...
#3005 I just found out my girlfriend is a potato, but I don't care, I still love her anyway.
#3006 Don't say "I'll see you tomorrow" unless you're actually gonna make the effort to do so ?? #evenifwerejustfuckbuddies
#3007 I cannot help but not respect Trump supporters. It's find that they believe that man blindly, it really is, but I just couldn't stand to be friends with someone with such little scrutiny for their values. Is it closeminded to be picky about who you let into your life in that way?
#3008 Eh.I didn't expect that today's confessions are really interesting. Aside from the political thingy.
#3009 How do I meet new people on campus? It seems like all the sorority girls/frat guys/sports teams/etc. all clique up and its hard to get to know anyone anymore...my current friends don't even care enough about me to invite me to do things with them, i have to be the one to reach out and ask until i guess they feel guilty enough to invite me...
#3010 MIT Confessions hasn't updated in a few days. What is my life. I'm just sitting here waiting for the next batch ._.
#3011 I want to be an overachiever but my body won't let me ??
#3012 My partner cheated on me. The sting is still fresh and I'm not sure how I'm supposed to feel, or how I'm supposed to act. Part of it feels like a bad dream that I'll wake up from, but I know that isn't the case.
#3013 I have gotten so used to being apathetic here. I don't like that this is my normal. I don't like that it so many other people's normal. Give me back my ability to feel things.
#3014 Maybe things I just wrote off as personality flaws are actually symptoms of a larger personality disorder? :(
#3015 I'm a conservative on this campus and I'm sick of the victim mentality I'm seeing amongst other conservatives here. A lot tend to whine about their low numbers and how so much of the faculty is liberal. They especially get upset when a few bad apples in the liberal group try and call them racist/sexist/(insert new tumblr social justice term here) in response to any conservative argument. Fellows, there will always be a cheap shot debater. If you really want to advance conservatism on campus, you need to confront these individuals on their anti intellectual stance, and in many cases Freudian slips on race/gender, and make conservative arguments that you stick with and never apologize for having.
#3016 I find the idea of not being judgmental silly. Nobody tells people not to judge them after a big accomplishment to take pride in. It seems to me that people who don't want others to be judgmental bear actions to be frowned upon, and would rather not be confronted by them.
#3017 Honestly, I can't tell if it's my face or if I'm just sad all the time.
#3018 I graduated with a 4.9 in only seven semesters. MIT wasn't so hard because I actually paid attention in class instead of texting like everyone else. Seriously -- the professors tell you the material if you show up and listen.
#3019 I didn't think it was possible for my mental health to get any worse, and yet its 5 am on a Monday and I'm drunk, with a pile of work to do yet unable to focus on anything but an endless reel of scenarios in which I kill myself playing out in my head. I don't know how to talk to anyone anymore. I feel like every time I try to share anything I drive the person I'm talking to farther away, and usually it's someone I care about and want to be close to. I want help. I don't want to feel like this. But every time I try to reach out something gets fucked and I feel as bad as I did before, if not worse.
#3020 i'm actually more afraid of acceptance than rejection because then i know i have to make a commitment... it's weird
#3021 I can't help but feel that MIT cultivates an unhealthy focus on mental health a little bit. Like we're surrounded by this from posters to this page to the many organizations. I understand the need for it, and have gone through similar things while here. I'm not for the duck syndrome like Stanford, but being surrounded by misery and focus on misery makes me miserable. Five people on my living group of thirty have told me that they tried to kill themselves at some point. This can't be normal.
#3022 the senior house porno was amazing. especially the part was when they slaughtered a goat and drank its blood while chanting satanic invocations... i've never been so turned on
#3023 MIT confessions should be on the MIT app.
#3024 Lately, it seems like people are trying make a point by proving that whatever minority they belong to faces the hardest struggles. Each minority has their struggles and they are all as legitimate as the ones of other identities. Pointing fingers and discriminating against each other won't solve the problem. Like, are you going to force a black hispanic lesbian transgender woman of islamic faith to pick one of her identities, because the struggles of her "other" identities are not as big as the ones you share? Criticizing other groups is destructive and divides us even more. When really we should be walking hand in hand and try to better the system for every single one of us, no matter what group we identify with. 
Love, don't discriminate. <3
#3025 There are a bunch of people in my classes who I think are very attractive and who I'd love to get to know better, but I don't know how to approach them. What do you suggest I do? I would be happy just to become friends with them for now, but I don't know what reason I'd use to talk to them. Help!!
#3026 Fucking around or relationship?
#3027 If you don't like me, I'd appreciate it if you'd wait to tell me until after all my exams are over.
#3028 the senior house porno last night was fucking amazing and I'm so glad that happened. especially the 26-100 scene
#3029 Both political parties have good ideas, take the best from each.

Those of you on the left, understand that the right wants to maintain the society we have. We want a society that allows free discourse of all ideas. A society that is tolerant of all ideas cannot import people who are intolerant of all ideas, as that is destructive to that society. Whether you wish to acknowledge it or not, Western liberal ideas are primarily held by those who are from Western liberal societies and those that have been influenced by Western liberal societies. Immigrants must assimilate into our culture for our society to survive. Most individuals from certain cultural backgrounds have shown themselves incapable of assimilation. We cannot allow these people into our society. A tolerant society paradoxically must be intolerant of those who are intolerant.

Those on the right, understand that the left is fighting for equality of opportunity for all people regardless of who you are. Just as you are opposed to socialism because it takes money from those who work and gives it to those who do not, you must also be opposed to allowing dynasties of elites to form, as is the case in libertarian societies. When your parents die, you receive money you did not work for. You have no claim to that money, and thus a society must make the funds available to the public. Give every individual the chance to become a leader. Competition breeds strength.

The Meritocracy Party is the only political organization promoting an agenda that will eliminate dynasties of wealth, provide equal opportunity to all people, and maintain our society and culture.
#3030 I miss my friend who used to hang out on the floor. =( she was what made the floor bright and happy and special, and no one else seems to wonder what happened to her
#3031 really the minutes for meetings of all the main student gov organizations should be made available to all current students (i'm looking at you, SHAC, UA)
#3032 Why is it that white people can't seem to comprehend that people of color still experience racism and then proceed to tell a person of color about how good they've got it compared to the 1950s? If you've never experienced something, don't fucking tell people HOW to feel about it.
#3033 As an athlete, I never thought the freshman 15 would get to me but oh god it has and it fucking sucks
#3034 Honestly I'd really love to make East Campus friends because they seemed really cool during CPW but now I literally know no one there.
#3035 I think this girl on my hall has a crush on me. how can i assure her that it's okay to tell me? (because of very good reasons, I can't confess first (one of them being that I promised myself I wouldn't do that again)).
#3036 My boyfriend shushed me in public the other day when I was discussing the medical side of my recent rape, telling me, "Don't talk so loudly about that here!" I asked him why, and he said, "isn't it person to you? Other people would judge you." 
I guess, yeah, it can be a really triggering thing to hear someone talk about how they were given a month long regimen of prophylaxis to prevent HIV after being raped, but... like does anyone else agree with my boyfriend? Being able to talk about the assault is helping me come to terms with it. It took three weeks for me to even admit to anyone that something happened, another two to admit that the guy did more than forcibly kiss me, and four after that to admit it was rape. Is it really that horrible of me to talk about it in public?
#3037 Whenever I walk through Stata I feel like getting Naked. You know, from the cafe?
#3038 I think I have an eating disorder, but I don't know where to get help? I've had one in the past, so I thought I could handle it, but the episodes keep happening and I end up hating myself for it... Idk what to do :( I feel like I can't talk to my anyone about it.
#3039 If the Z center rented out squash or frisbees I would play the ever living SHIT out of that
#3040 God I hate poor people, always trying to make everyone else feel bad for spending money..
#3041 I want a girl into watersports. pls.
#3042 im a sophmore and ive had a love-hate relationship with course 2 since coming to mit. im starting to think that I should switch to course 6 because i really love the more ee and cs type projects that im getting to do in one of the classes that im taking this semester. but, i cant shake the feeling that if i switch majors ill eventually end up wanting to switch back to course 2. if course 2 were a person we would definitely be in an unhealthy relationship. but it's not. and i want to eventually graduate, too x(((
#3043 People from Senior House need to stop posting fake confessions about Senior House. It doesn't make you look cool. Senior house isn't that badass.
#3044 When my phone autocorrects pset to party, I think my phone secretly knows how I spent my first semester at MIT
#3045 Aw, fuck, I might still be in love with you. Damn it.
#3046 I swear no one likes progressive metal/rock here!
#3047 I've discovered something about myself: I feel happiest and most at peace when I am singing.

It's too bad I'm a horrible singer.
#3048 When Adele sings "Hello..." in the song "Hello," I can't help but continuing:
"Hello... Is it me you're looking for?"
#3049 I've put more energy into repeatedly turning the sign at the end of Building 16 (by Building 8) upside down than I've put into most of my psets. Why won't MIT just keep it upside down??? The world is such a terrible place (and I'm still afraid to die)!
#3050 I prefer eggs to humans. Cats are obviously better than humans, but I'm not sure if cats are better than eggs. Thoughts (especially on where pugs, drugs, hugs and sharpies come in this ranking)?
#3051 Tim Stambaugh told me he's extremely jealous of how popular MIT Confessions is
#3052 i have a strange feeling that i've been blackout drunk more times than i can remember. it feels very strange to know there are specific events that you just cannot remember. The more I try, the more pointedly these lapses of memory appear as gaping holes in my past. I don't even know how to go about asking anyone who might be able to shed some light on these moments what they can recall, because they often feel like clippings from dreams rather than from reality. Like, "Hey, do you remember what I said when we ran into each other in the kitchen the night of that party 3 weeks ago? I think whatever it was either made you laugh or made you upset, or maybe one and then the other? ... Oh, No? You don't remember either? Huh... well..."
like, ???? nahhhhhh
#3053 An android phone launched in India costs just 4$ yes just 4$ . What are your views on it
#3054 Confessions went from 100 to 0 real quick. get your shit together MIT community.
#3055 Why doesn't glue stick to the inside of the bottle?
#3056 Dear nextdoor neighbor, can you finish already
You've been fucking her for 2 hours I need to sleep it's 3am on a monday night
#3057 i used to be just like you but then i grew a brain a dick and a heart.
#3058 Anybody else wanna fuck in MakerMorks?
#3059 La Verde sold me some bad chocolate milk :((
#3060 idk much about senior house except that they seem pretty stupid from the confessions i read. whippets/dank bathroom? shooting a porno in a classroom? get over yourselves. youre not cool, you just look so stupid.
#3061 i've gotten so much less depressed ever since i stopped smoking weed
#3062 I don't know how to do things anymore. Really, I can hardly get anything done. Ever. I have 5 missing assignments. Each of which I managed to get 25%-50% of the way through before their due dates. I have extensions on all of them --(the emails alone took me 4 days to write/send)-- but... how am i... actually... going... to do this... by the end of this week? I don't know what I'm doing. I'm not doing anything. I can't do this. Nothing gets done. *flush*
#3063 Every time I hear a chair squeak in Stata a part of my soul dies.
#3064 She sent me a dick pic. It arrived on my smartwatch during lecture. People saw.
#3065 Ever since you got here, you've been whining about how miserable you are. And you never listen to any of my advice. I can't hear it any more. It's unhealthy!
#3066 Men say the damndest things you know. Let me say it again. Men say the damndest things. Donald trump continues to make ignorant, degrading and highly inaccurate comments about the Latino race every time it  he steps to a podium. Kayne West continually insists that aside from being considered "The Greatest Rapper in the World, his name should also be included in future editions of the king james bible. Charlie sheen, after causing $7,000 worth of damage at a hotel just months after a reported assault on his third wife had the audacity to go on national television and announce that he was winning. Men, I will repeat "Say the damndest things. But of all the damndest, of all the foul, of all the crooked and vulgar things that a man could expunge from the hole in his face he identifies as his mouth can not do justice to the depravity that expunged out of one mongrels townies mouth while I was walking in Charlestown yesterday evening. Being that it is February and the weather is to some degree getting a tad bit warmer I decided that perhaps the time hap come to wear something a tad bit more comfortable and possibly a little more revealing. I looked into my closet and found y wardrobe for that day. I exited my dorm room at exactly 10:15 on the dot yesterday. I'd been invited to Charlestown for a party that was to be held by my roommates cousin. Being a stranger to Boston, having resided down south in Houston, Texas all my life I had no knowledge of Charlestown. That is with the exception from that time I saw "the town" at tommy whexlers party in the ninth grade. Beyond that my knowledge was limited. The party was badass and the food was off the hook. Though not as glamorous as the area surrounding Mit, I will admit it has a certain gruff style about it. I thoroughly enjoyed myself. That is until it was time to go. While walking down the sidewalk back to the subway that would take us from Charlestown back to our destination we encountered what my friend later identified to me as a townie. I don't rember the exact definition she gave me as to what this particular breed of man was. I'm not even concerned with the definition she gave me. What mattered was his comment. a comment so vulgar, so dehumanizing, so nasty that it makes me insides boil up like hot water, my head burn like fire, and my entie body to shake with rage and fury. "GIRL, WHEN I"M DONE WIT YOU U GONNA BE SQUIRTIN, AND SCREAMIN, AND SHAKIN ALL OVER THE GODDAMN PLACE. SKIT,SKIT,MOTHERFUCKUCKA, GODDAMN!" If i'd had a gun idda popped a cap in his ass. If I had been in possession of a pocket Knife, id have castrated him. If id had peper spray I'd go up and spray the entire goddamn bottle in his eyes. Fortunately for him I was in possession of none of this items. Fortunately for me there was one thing I did and will always possess. My voice. Ladies, let me tell you something bout a woman's voice. A womans voice is the most valuable thing  a woman could ever have.  a voice is all the thing a woman ever needs. In the 1920s when men said that women were not intellectually capable nor necessary to the voting process Susan B Anthony said blatantly "Fuck That> In 1955 when White male police officers in Alabama told Rosa Parks to get off the bus and move to the back of the bus after a long day of standing on her knees, she said "Fuck That. In 1989 during a live television broadcast of the David lettermen show, the host in question had the audacity to remark on the current weight of one oprah winfrey and furthermore thought his comments to be justified. she said "Fuck That" So when this spineless, needledick dweeb had the audacity to sit on his stoop and call out to me in such a manner I did what women throughout history have and I pray, will continue to do when a man feels that he can speak to you in a dehumanizing matter. I said fuck that.  Look here you dickless piece of shit. I don't what you think this is but I aint the motherfucking one! You hear me I ain't the motherfucking one! Youre gonna have me squirting and screaming?! As if id waste my time spreading my legs for that tootsie role dick. Go home and give it a tug. Youre jacked up, you hear me jacked up. You heads jacked up you, your face is jacked up, your bodys jacked up, youre just a plain jackass. You must be a jackass to think that I would ever under any circumstances respond to a man informing me that I am nothing more than an object for him to eject his smelly infertile load on. You must be a jackass to assume that I who am talented  female currently receiving and education at one of the finest schools in the country would ever lower herself to do such a thing. you must be a jackass to throw such shade at a girl who is spirited, beautiful, funny, and downright badass. Im a woman. Mother of the earth. The cradle of civilization. The giver of life and it all its miraculous wonders. I am a fucking gift. A gift that shitheels like you don't or care to recognize. Now, where you come from, tht kind of behavior may be tolerated. Girls may respond to such outrageous and vulgar coometns. But, Im a lady goddammit! and I demand to be treated the way a lady should be treated. So if, EVER I AM IN THIS NEIGHBORHOOD, AND WE CROSS PATHS  AND YOU MAKE AS VULGAR AND DEHUMANISING A STATEMENT AS THE ONE YOU JUST MADE IMMA PUT YOU IN A HEADLOCK, BEND YOU OVER THAT RAIL, AND PUT MY HIGH HEELED SHOE SO FAR UP YOUR ASS YOUR GONNA HAVE TOES FOR TEETH! Men say the damndest things I tell ya. Men say the damndest things.
#3067 Just taking a shot in the dark here, but:

You are too hard on yourself. Don't sweat the small stuff and don't let the big stuff define you. You can do this, for real!
#3068 I'm falling in love with my girlfriend, but I doubt she will ever love me.
#3069 The Chancellor and SHAC (Student Housing Advisory Committee) have been strongly considering, among other things, moving to a single freshman dorm.  I imagine that most people (including myself) would be very unhappy about this, and the UA and DormCon have known about this for months, and yet have refused to tell the general undergraduate population about it.  Can we please just talk about this?
#3070 How do i tell my therapist that ive gone mad? That I've been mad? I guess this is a rhetorical question. But when i talked to him about it before, he said the paranoia was just anxiety. I really wanted to believe him
#3071 If you knew something was wrong with me, why didnt you just tell me? Why didnt i realize sooner? Ill be gone soon though, dont worry.
#3072 What are they building outside of Burton Conner and can they fucking stop?
#3073 Lets be honest: Darryl Williams > Francois Jabbour
#3074 It is a good feeling when your interviewer cares more about your personal experiences than your GPA.
#3075 The issue with modern day social justice techniques:
I can't tell what is being asked of me.
I feel like things are more relatable if you ask for some well-defined goal to be met. For example, wanting women to have the right to vote. That is a goal with clear metrics and observable change. It is immediately understood if the goal is met or not.
Now, a lot of the talk I am exposed to seems so abstract. I hear more about a passionate "we will overcome this" mindset than I hear about what metrics are being used. I think, for the sake of everyone, it is better to at least define some goals, even if they are a proxy for what is actually desired. I understand things are complex... But I will only ever live within my own set of experiences, so the more relatable and understandable your problems are to me, the more I will naturally support your side. I feel hesitation and uncertainty when I try to support something that sounds abstract and purely subjective.
By the way, I actually think this approach will gain a larger and more diverse following. Instead of focusing on limiting and scolding others for certain actions, focus on asking for a logical, desirable change. I understand it may feel like you are catering to the whims of the privileged with this method, but I believe the mutual understanding and support that can be achieved is more than worth it. The other abstract arguments may follow, but only after spearheading the campaign with clear metrics.
#3076 I visit Stormfront on a daily basis...how many government watch lists does that put me on?
#3077 You know you're coding too much when you accidentally go to Github to order food
#3078 I am the big spoon. My cat is the little spoon.
#3079 I keep thinking that I want to join Engineers Without Borders or Peace Corps when I graduate, but then I remember that I never want to travel to Africa.
#3080 Am I the only one that doesn't give a shit about what's on our 2018 brassrat? Most of the details wont even be visible on the ring.

Everyone should just chill out and get high as balls for ring delivery. #420 #blazeit
#3081 Last night when I was having sex, instead of screaming "yes" and "oh yea", I accidentally said "yep". I guess this would be my last time with this guy.
#3082 Honest question to Asian Americans with generic names: does it affect your life in any way? i.e. knowing that your first and last name is super common and that there are other people who share your exact name (even at the same school)? 

I say Asian Americans because they are more directly affected by their English name (versus an Asian with an English name is probably a nickname/ secondary to their original name), and Asians seem to share common first and last names more than other ethnic groups, although I am perfectly willing to admit that I as a nonAsian might have a biased observation.
#3083 Matthew Davis... how do I even begin to explain Matthew Davis?

Matthew Davis is flawless
He has two white shirts and a pair of khakis
I hear his hair is insured for $10,000
I hear he does Wing-It commercials... in Japan
His favorite movie is Star Trek
One time, he met Barack Obama on a plane and he told him he was pretty
One time he punched me in the face... it was awesome
#3084 Seriously, the 2018 Brass Rat is dope. Good job RingComm.
#3085 It's SO RIDICULOUSLY HARD to get out of bed in the morning because it's so cold outside. I'm scared that the temperature is just an excuse for me to be unproductive and shirk my responsibilities (like not go to class) so I've been putting a lot of effort into not succumbing to this but it's gotten so much harder! I don't know if I can keep it up :( anyone have any tips?
#3086 how do i make friends as a graduate student? nobody in my dept ever talks to me/invites me to things...
#3087 Am I the only one who hates the Illuminati references that the class of 2019 makes?
#3088 He makes me happy, but there's something that is missing now. He is so happy with me though, that I'm trying to tell myself that it's enough.
#3089 I think Emilio Pace posts more MIT Confessions than anyone else!!!!
#3090 I was broken up with completely out of the blue this weekend. I've had breakups before, but none that hurt as bad as this one. I feel really awful and I don't know what to do.
#3091 I'm pretty comfortable with academics, but this PE class is kicking my ass. How the hell can I apply this concept when I just learned it two minutes ago, and I still can't do that thing I was supposed to have learned last class? This TA is telling me to relax, but the second I do I fall over. And how the hell are some of the students running circles around me? Did they already learn this in high school?

Agh. I need a review session or something.
#3092 Are the rumors true that students in Senior Haus made a porno movie in MIT classrooms over IAP? People could get in serious trouble for this.
#3093 Every time I see Camilo Espinosa, I get scared I'm living in a universe full of bees
#3094 MIT Compliments posts compliments sooooo slowly :/
#3095 If you tell me you're a Bernie Sander's supporter, I automatically assume you either don't have a firm grasp on the political process, have never paid substantial taxes, and are willfully deluding yourself that he is anything more than a catchy sound byte.
#3096 If you see this confession while scrolling, you have been visited by the Salty Spirit of Singleness. Loneliness and cash savings will come to you on February 14th, but only if you post "Happy Singles Awareness Day!" in the comments.
#3097 i love my roommate. i do. but i think i'm beginning to harbor some resentment towards her. sometimes i feel like she's not there for me when i need her most, but also money is a thing that i just can't get out of my head. as similar as we are we're not at all from the same class and that's become more and more noticeable over the three years we've lived together. whether it's care packages from her parents or knowing that she feels perfectly at home in a fancy restaurant while i squirm in my seat, it still ends up making me feel like nothing and then i start to hate her for that. i know it's not her fault. it's not mine either. it just is. and as much as i don't want to consider leaving my best bud after all these years, i just don't think i can do it anymore.
#3098 That Coldplay Beyonce song. it's the same old stereotypes of a mystical third-world India where people are always thowing colors at each other. I like the song, but I'm tired of my culture being a backdrop for american pop songs.
#3099 Obsessed with my former 002 TA. I think you still are one but I see you working upstairs too, do you do like all the course 6 labs? Cannot stop day dreaming about you across my lab bench...
#3100 It's so hard choosing a major! I kind of want to be Course 6-3, but I don't really like 042 and the mathy parts. Kind of want to be Course 14 or Course 15-2 with like the internet/software aspects of Course 6,  but can't make up my mind~~jobs,grad school, internships, i don't know what to do :(
#3101 Anyone else think the term "leftist" is weird? I've never heard the term "rightist". 

Also the whole using political labels as if they're offensive words (on both sides) is kind of weird (though I've mostly seen them used negatively from the conservative side). Like, I wouldn't be offended to be called a democrat or republican if I was either, because that's already how I self identify.
#3102 I'm sick and tired of my friend discussing her Pi Phi events....
#3103 There's this guy I really really really like who's basically just perfection personified. He claims to like me back, but he's sooo bad at responding to my messages. I just counted, and in the last time period I've sent him 45 messages and he's only sent me 3 in reply!! No matter how many facebook stickers I send him, even gifs telling him he's my one and only, he never responds! What a dick!
#3104 I'm in a long-distance relationship right now, but it's hard remembering how it feels to physically be with that person, and easy to think it's better off being single when we're apart.  I want to be with her so badly, I see a future with her but I don't know how we'll make it in the short-term.  If we break up I'm afraid I won't find another relationship as fulfilling and I'll lose the one for me.  How do we make it work?
#3105 If America is to work for us, how well will it work out when those placed in a higher tax bracket realize it's not worth working so hard anymore due to having pay for "free school", medical, and other so called benefits that hard working Americans are taxed for. It's only a matter of time until this country is run further into the ground. Nothing is for free, there are no breaks in life. Those who work insane amount of hours to achieve only the best possible outcome and accept nothing worse than very well know how it is. Capitalism is the reason Facebook is here, the reason you have smartphones, and food on your table. Don't like it? Leave the country. "The only problem with socialism, is eventually you run out of other people's money." - Margaret Thatcher
#3106 Two people just dropped out of MIT to start a "machine intelligence" company on the west coast without a product or even a prototype. I think they're absolutely crazy. How the hell do they think they'll be able to compete with the Googles and Facebooks and Microsofts of the world? Sooner or later it will hit 'em hard, and I'm sure they'll be back on campus with their tails between their legs. #realitycheck
#3107 Just curious, how can I be part of MIT Confessions admin?
#3108 I love it when there are ten trillion and one MIT confessions posted, even if the SNR is way way low. It still beats the rest of Facebook...
#3109 To my 18.03 TA: I apologize for my PSET... I can't control where my ejaculate lands and I'm sure as hell not copying over my work... Don't worry... It's dry...
#3110 To the nice lady shamelessly displaying her unshaved genitalia in the locker room (Wang Fitness), thank you for putting an end to my bi-curious phase. Now I am sure I am no lesbo. 100% sure.
#3111 It's the second week of classes and it's already pretty overwhelming...

shit sucks, yo
#3112 I really wish someone would tag me in the comments of a snarky confession but none of my friends use facebook much.
#3113 The other day I saw some heart-felt papers around the image of Angela Davis in Lobby 10, saying how their family members were deeply hurt by her ideology, and the things she preached. I found it very moving, I did some googling, and I can see that it sounds true. 

To that person on campus: thank you for speaking up against something you found unfit and hurting you and group of others on campus.

To those in charge of the display: I am absolutely disappointed by the fact that you have not removed Angela Davis from your display. You speak of being watchful of others' identities, where they come from, what they've lived, and you choose to not to follow the ideas you preach. Where I am from, I call that hypocrisy. Shame on you!

Although I am sure not many people will like this for fear of being labeled racist, I speak for a number of us at MIT.
#3114 I think most MIT students are contradictory when it comes to political and social issues. I don't think I've met a person here who does not commit doublethink. Some examples I've seen:

1. Only police should have guns, but cops are fascist assholes.

2. Evolution is true, but everyone is equal.

3. Support equality, but enact affirmative action.

4. Respect all cultures, but Christians are stupid.

5. The death penalty is wrong, but abortion is okay.

6. Capitalism is evil, but check out my new iPhone!

7. Oppression of women is wrong, but Islamists are freedom fighters.

Why is it that people can hold these contradictory viewpoints? I don't understand if it's because most people are ignorant or if they don't care enough to think these things through.
#3115 I am really into furry stuff and want to make friends that are too. Can we please be secretly furry together?
#3116 All I really want is to fuck someone. No commitment, no attachment, just a fuck buddy that doesn't care. I think I'm a semi attractive, pretty normal guy (well kempt, popular, not nerdy, etc), but I have no idea how to go about finding a similarly normal, cute girl that just wants to fuck. If you're out there, please let me know how I can find you.
#3117 Can the students in the 2pm 18.03 lecture please stop talking? I can hear you from across the room. Lecture isn't mandatory. Stay home if you're going to talk through it.
#3118 SOLIDWORKS is ruining my friendship.
#3119 When you realize you accidentally picked a seat across from the guy you slept with at the end of last semester, but you stick with it just because. Besides now I'm assigned to my table, too late to move to the other side of classroom meh...
#3120 You are not a reflection of those who can not love you. Your worthiness of love, tenderness, and happiness is not derived from someone saying you deserve it.
#3121 is anyone else bothered by the fact that we go to the fucking massachusetts institute of technology but we can't connect to the internet because the wifi here isn't functional?? Can we pls petition for internet access
#3122 I think our GRT is so hot. I would totally fuck him if he wanted to.
#3123 The fact that we get free XFinity On Campus is just a cruel temptation. But I love it so much.
#3124 I am a republican though I feel judged by most of MIT students who are democrats.
#3125 I am so excited for my (hopefully) last semester here at MIT. I have learned so much from this place both in terms of academics and in ways that I can't really describe that well in words. And I can hardly wait to begin my life after graduation, a life that I will pave myself on the opposite side of the country....away from you....whom I would be leaving behind....and am crying just thinking about it. You will still be, and must stay here. You are the only thing that I will not want to part from and perhaps my time here at MIT has one more thing to teach, and it is the painful lesson of a relationship that has reached its end but not necessarily in the heart.
#3126 I just want a cute small asian girl to buy stuff for, is that too much to ask for?
#3127 There is one guy on my floor who always smells bad. Just always. I can't tell if he never showers, never does laundry, is cultivating a bacteria culture in his belly button, or what.
#3128 A few of my friends keep hitting on me even though they know I have an SO. It makes me really uncomfortable, but I don't want to say anything in case I am misreading things.
#3129 too horny too often ugh fml
#3130 Do black girls find Indian guys attractive? I find black girls very attractive but am not sure if they would be interested.
#3131 Will you go to Senior Ball with me? I can't ask you in person because I don't have the guts.
#3132 first day of school and all I wanna do is just get fucked tonight
#3133 Sometimes I hear a banging sound through the wall, and I wonder if the guy next door is having a sex or building a rocket.
#3134 FUCK the elevators in Building 10. They're such a joke. Their algorithms are complete shit, so the trip from anywhere to anywhere else ends up taking double or even triple the time that it bloody well should. If you're in the basement and there's an elevator on the first floor, you can be god damn sure that the elevator from the fifth floor is going to do its damnedest to pick you up, while the elevator on the first floor sits there taking up precious molecules. Even the elevator in Walker Memorial is better than these shitboxes.

Why haven't these elevators been fixed yet? They are an embarrassment to MIT, which is consistently ranked as one of the best engineering schools globally. Why can't some course 6 students fix this? This would actually make the perfect UROP.
#3135 Some of the admin people at MIT are so arrogant. Sure it's tedious to do administrative work, but it's not the hardest or the most important thing in the world. So stop bitching if I send you two extra emails to ask things and keep in mind that my time is not less valuable than yours.
#3136 am i the only who thinks 14.01 and 14.02 are terribly run classes?
#3137 If Dante were alive today, I bet he would have envisioned a tenth circle for those who talk in the reading room.
#3138 part of me is amused, but most of me doesn't know how to feel about the fact that no one in my hall, despite all the hints I tried to drop, noticed how suicidal or depressed I was from the last half of the semester all the way up until the day I left for winter break. I love you guys, but fuck you guys. at least I made it this far
#3139 Everyone at MIT just wants a prestigious internship or a successful startup, but all I want is a girl with a short skirt and a long jacket :(
#3140 I walked in on a former Basketball player pleasuring himself with his musical instruments
#3141 I walked in on two former Football players having sex in their apartment
#3142 You know you've done the semester right when your professor says "It's nice to finally meet you" as you turn in your final exam.
#3143 Today I remembered why I loved Senior Haus in the first place. It's easy to forget, constantly seeing so many cold, spiky exteriors that are just shells hiding all these beautiful people. But it's such a community, with the silverware/food/couch/everything kleptos; we all live together like a family and send out angry/threatening/'stop taking my red sweater get your own and grow up damn it' emails like a dysfunctional family. 
I was reading MIT confessions and I saw the hatred for the Burton-Connor lady and then there was the Senior Haus confession. We lovingly tease our housemaster and AD and house manager; I have yet to see any actual tension arise between residents and the house team (except in the case of Ken meets fire hazard but that's more of a Ken-fire-hazard personal issue) and it's one of the few things that truly make finals week significantly better. 
Seeing the stark contrast between how we feel about our house team and the BC people, how many haus people respond to haus confessions in fun ways, it hits home that the reason I'm still here is because there's no other place that I could imagine being even relatively happy. I'd rather be holed up in my room psetting/studying 80% of the day here than anywhere else because, at the end of the day, yes, it is the most unique place I've ever seen.
#3144 SIGHH the struggles are real when your crush says "i think of you as a sister" T_T is the siblingzone even a thing
#3145 anyone else get shat on by that 7.012 final?
#3146 Dat satisfaction of finding $20 while walking down the infinite doe
#3147 When you are allowed a cheat sheet to a final... That is when you know you are screwed
#3148 >be me
>studying for finals while listening to music
>turning up to Jumpman
>Odell_Beckham_Jr_TD_Dance.gif
>Lit AF while rapping along to lyrics
>"Way too many questions you must think I trust you. You searching for answers I do not know nothing, woo!"
>mfw lyrics hit to close to feelings about finals: https://goo.gl/bscS6E
#3149 If we no record a class does that mean we can't get sophomore standing? I still have more than 96 credits and *almost* all the GIRs
#3150 I lurve putting oreos in my hot glass of milk until they're all saturated to perfection, and then shlooping them up through a straw
#3151 Hey finals week is hard for everybody, so I just want to say that you, whoever is reading this, you are a truly singular person, and although now you experience this through pain, someday that very same pain will be useful to you, because anything or anyone worth their space, was forged through adversity.
#3152 Dear MIT, 

Go fuck yourself.

Sincerely,
Me
#3153 Finals week: when I learn more in 72 hours than the entire rest of the semester
#3154 If only I could answer exam questions lIke Republican candidates answer during debates...
#3155 As a junior in 3.091, does a D count as passing to graduate? I was slightly below the 50% mark, and would hate to have to take it again. Do they even give D's in 3.091? I did not do well on that final at all.
#3156 I've masturbated so much in the last week that I'm chafing and have to go to MIT Medical to get cream.  #finals
#3157 why has this place not produced anyone actually notable? it's fucking embarrassing the more i think about it.

consider: bill gates, zuckerberg, jfk, obama

consider: google, elon musk

consider: alan turing, jeff bezos, john nash

consider: both clintons, both bushes, grace hopper

not to mention (lol) newton, darwin

and we just have a lot of b-listers. counting on you guys to fix this.
#3158 this maddening thing
ineffable yet heavy
it steals from my soul
#3159 I confess that sometimes I really just want the guy to make the move so I can stop being so confused, but I would have to reject it because I don't really want anything. Is that terrible?
#3160 I think I spend at least 10 minutes per day either waiting for or on an elevator
#3161 Can't wait for my 2.005 final to be over so I can make some thermal fluids of my own
#3162 person walks into my room without knocking "why do you have your do not disturb sign up?" uh SO PEOPLE LIKE YOU DONT COME IN GET OUT
#3163 i want to lie on my bed, close my eyes, fold my hands over my chest, and never wake up. ever.
#3164 Anne McCants is one of the most repulsive creatures I've ever had to interact with at MIT. She is completely unfit to be a housemaster or role model for students, and has been trying to impose her own belief system on the Burton Conner dorm by suppressing student culture. She is completely out of touch with the students she claims to serve, refuses to listen to their concerns, and fails to advocate for their well-being. She is a source of pain, stress, and frustration for students, and actively goes out of her way to prevent socialization betweenus by false accusations, appealing minor complaints to higher administration, and ignoring student opinions about student life in the dorm. MIT should sack this cunt.
#3165 so…are any 2.009 presentation results ever gonna come out?
#3166 "The other day I was hooking up with a girl and she was on top. After a few minutes she said she couldn't continue because her wrists hurt from coding too much..."
#3167 Bummer, forgot to fill in my subject evals again... maybe they should have sent us more reminders?
#3168 Real talk, sorry for yet another bleak post but...

Does anyone feel truly profoundly happy? Sure I have happy moments and even happy days, but I'm not sure I've ever been able to say with conviction that I am happy in any long term sense. It seems like others feel this way too, so I ask, in all seriousness, does anyone reading this feel truly happy? To see that it is possible and exists in our community would make everything a little bit easier.
#3169 i hate everything
and everyone, but mostly
i just hate myself
#3170 Just found a nice bud on the carpet in my room. There's a god out there. Blaze it MIT, blaze it.
#3171 Planning to take down Ben Bitdiddle once and for all. He must answer for his crimes. Who's with me
#3172 Is it likely to be asked to withdraw if you fail more than one course as a freshman?
#3173 I'm going to miss my 8.01 TA. He was the best part of waking up in the morning. He was so cute. I loved his glasses and the way he looked like he gave even less of a shit about 8.01 than I did.
#3174 Is male lactation considered a minor or serious medical problem?
#3175 Tomorrow I have a final and I don't know WTF I am doing right now
#3176 Solid performance at the run tonight. Good showing. See you in the Spring!
#3177 Is it unfair to resent people for not reaching out when it's clear there is something wrong? I know we all have our own shitty lives to deal with, so maybe that's asking too much. But I really could have used more.
#3178 I have a huge crush on this freshman in my dorm, and I really want to tell him and see if anything could happen, but I already have a boyfriend.
#3179 Dear beautiful girl in the red flannel shirt with the lovely dark lipstick playing mahjong at Simmons- if you thought the other girl in the red flannel shirt who kept looking at you when she came in and out of dining was cute, too, please be among those to like this post, and I'll message you. :)
#3180 I'm so grateful that graders are other students with their own shit to worry about. I can't tell you how many times I've gotten full credit on a pset or exam problem I'm stuck on or don't have time to finish by just writing an obvious statement that is semi-related to the problem and technically true, but doesn't actually answer the question at all. My favorite is when the question asks you to prove or say why something is true and I just write that it is true because it is true and get full credit.
#3181 Red Team or Die #009mit #009red #cacaotomemory
#3182 Every time I send something to a Pharos printer I name it "buttz"
#3183 I was reading a teaching from a church I won't name, but it stated that if you accept Jesus and are baptized you are saved and go to heaven regardless of your sins. That makes no logical or practical sense. So I get baptized, then I can go out and commit a ton of horrendous crimes and then it doesn't matter I'm good? lol I'm not religious, but how on earth do those clueless fools think they can get any converts with that message. You have to sell the message of you need us, not you're good regardless.
#3184 How in the world would a naked run relieve stress? Having everyone see me naked and risking possibly having to register as a sex offender seems more stressful to me than any final exam could ever be.
#3185 Tourists should be banned from MIT during finals.
#3186 I faked half of my orgasms with you during our relationship, but then I learned you faked half of our relationship so I guess I lose on both counts.
#3187 I piss on the walls of the Baker elevator when I'm bored.
#3188 Being gay automatically put you in the friend zone of 90% of guys. :(
#3189 I just got facialed. I just got fucking facialed. Can you believe it? I'm his girlfriend, his better half, his significant other, his soon to be within a matter of 365 days his wife. And he facialed me. He fucking facialed me.! Ladies chivalry is motherfucking dead I tell you! Dead! It has to be dead when youre fiancé in the heat of reaching the climate of his sexual excitement decides to deposit the evidence of that heightend sexual excitement on your face. Wtf? No motherfucking respect none. He didn't even ask me if he could facial me. That what bugs me. He didn't straight up and ask could he start cinco de mayo early on my face, he decided to cum(pun intended) without any formal invitation. And why my face? Why my motherfucking freckle free face? He could have cum any where else? My tit, my stomach, my arm, hell even my hair. But no. he had to fucking cum on my face. Ladies I don't think I need to tell you that the face of a lady is the window to the soul, the key to her inner workings, the mechanics of her deign. A woman's face is her temple. It is also her weapon. A woman's face Is a weapon. A weapon whose greates attribute is that it conceal. O how it can conceal. Heartbreak, disappointment, anger, resentment. Yes our faces hide all behind a smile. That's what I gave him a smile. As I was I situated on my knees, face covered in his baby gravy. I gave him a smile. Why. To rlay a message. To relay him a message. Everything is allright. Eveyrthing is ok. The fact that you just deposited your stinky load on me is inconsequential. Two minutes later as he feasted on my mossy bank I moaned. O how I moaned. Not because he is a skilled pussy eater. Oh no. He cant eat pussy worth shit. He can throw down in the bedroom but eating pussy is not his specialty. But still I moaned. I moaned for my revenge is perfect. Tomorrow I start my period. Tomorrow according to the calendar is when the parting of the red seas begin. And I'm gonna make damn sure he's in the same position he's in now. Ironically he hates twilight. You and Edward are about to have something in common.
#3190 lol if someone says that they're having a miserable time here and you aren't, then don't use your time to invalidate someone else's misery and try try to understand why your happiness isn't the general experience here, and if you care enough to start a argument with or otherwise harass someone who's going through a rough time then maybe direct that care towards positive change.

when you're stressed out and depressed, the worst thing is when people say you don't deserve to feel that way. everyone gets through this place differently and invalidating others' feelings doesn't help anyone.
#3191 no Suzanne, I do not want to go to the course 10 holiday party
#3192 I feel like I'm the only person who didn't get a return offer from my internship
#3193 They don't know this, but I'm pretty sure I watch more porn - straight, gay, anything - than all of my male dorm mates combined...
#3194 I've memorized all of the letters on my eye doctor's chart.
#3195 shoutout to Jack (8.012 tutor), you da real mvp
#3196 Anyone else feel like they'd be way more inclined to put some thought into subject evaluations (or do them at all) if you could do them after finals? Why doesn't MIT make this an option?!
#3197 56% 7.016 ...fucked up even before finals
#3198 How are there so many hot people in ADT
#3199 I lick the walls of the Baker elevator when I'm bored
#3200 Thank god for Arizona and Brisk being $1
#3201 I'm so happy I'll get to go home before seeing the snow.
#3202 I'm voting for Donald Trump literally only so I can see all you fuckers who constantly spam political shit on my Facebook feed cry more as your realities are torn apart.
#3203 If I do the infinite streak on Sunday (post 3118), it'll be the first time that any guy has seen me naked.  And that thought turns me on.
#3204 i'll never understand white people
#3205 WHERE IS MY CALCULATOR
#3206 I feel like a dumpster for a friend to drop all of their personal problems in so that they can enjoy their life with everyone else but me.
#3207 First thought of the day: I wish I were covered in gasoline and on fire.
Guess I'll go back to sleep.
#3208 Will someone knock on my door today? Unlikely.
#3209 I think Maeve Devlin is the hottest girl on the campus right now.
#3210 Professor: "the exam average was 85"
Harvard student in my class: "will there be a curve?"
#3211 why does pornhub have ads now
#3212 I bought an extra brass rat to keep on my penis
#3213 Hey so I see lots of people complaining on this site. Well I just wanted to remind you guys how lucky you are. I am a high schooler today and I jumped for joy just at the sight that in one week I will hear IF I get into this great place. Just remember how lucky you guys all are and how many young kids aspire to be in your position.
#3214 if I become a sociopath by the end of this year, it's only because I've learnt from the best
#3215 I got 50 on my calc exam. I blame it on Maseeh dining.
#3216 I cannot imagine my significant other not knowing double integral.
#3217 looks like God does exist #prayedforgreenteam
#3218 Sometimes I wish I hadn't become such a memelord. Anytime I see someone on campus with a fedora I instinctively see and hear hit makers and air horns and I feel like a 12 year old who's just discovered the internet.
#3219 Fetty Wap for Spring fest
#3220 I feel like, as an MIT nerd, I'm supposed to like things like Marvel and Doctor Who, but the awful fake science they use to explain what happens is so annoying that I can't watch them.
#3221 So I brought this girl to fraternity's formal and used the venue as a chance to get to know her better. We were friends before, but never close. I'm at the point where I don't know if I want to date her. Not because I wouldn't date her, but because I don't know if I want a relationship. The existential crisis going on in my head lately has been interesting.
#3222 I was looking over someone's shoulder in lecture, and their Facebook was open to MIT Confessions with admin access...Mind = Blown. My life at MIT is complete. xoxo - Your secret is safe with me. ;)
#3223 Cs and Ds get degrees
#3224 We are the under-rested--
the overstressed
Backs hunched, fingers rattling keys--
pushing.

We are the "prove myself"s--
the "am I good enough"s
who by some small stroke of luck are bound
by an institution.

Bound by late nights,
by too much caffine,
by self-doubt,
and by relief.

We fought to get here--
We fought to stay here--
We fought to leave here--

We will fight because we have been here.

For today,
For tomorrow--
IHTFP
#3225 It's beginning to feel a lot like fuck this,
soon finals will start
I've got a p-set due at eight, I think It might be late
and a group project where i've yet to do my part

it's beginning to feel a lot like fuck this
tests in every class
on material I haven't learned, and the grade that I have earned
means I need to more than pass

A pair of projects are due and a essay is too
I don't think i'm sleeping tonight
A grade thats so low, I can't score far below
one hundred, the margin's quite tight 
And I can hardly wait to be done with this great fright
#3226 I am from a third world country but the Maseeh bathrooms are more disgusting than anything we have back home (i.e. even public bathrooms).
#3227 thanks to PNR i can actually say C's get degrees <3
#3228 What is up with all these girls who want to be choked and slapped and have their hair pulled during sex??? Like I can do it if it makes you happy but it just seems like a really unhealthy thing to have make you happy.
#3229 Nickelback for Springfest
#3230 Holy shit, I've just unwittingly stumbled across the solution to issues like overpopulation, rape and so on.. Everyone just has to experience simulated labour pains before they have sex or if they're thinking of having kids! This would deter would be rapists and psychopaths and even turn them into gentlemen hopefully!

Billion dollar, world saving idea right here.. Just need these devices on every human.. VC's come at me! 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppzV6hoPkIc
#3231 I keep hearing the in the media how we need to have "honest discussions" about race relations between blacks and whites. That is not really going to happen in my opinion. Here's why, nobody can really talk about it without character assassination. If you talk about it and you're white, you get called a racist, if you are black, you get called an Uncle Tom. Everyone is too afraid to have an honest discussion, so lets stop pretending we are going to have one, and just keep the message honest and simple. We do not talk about race differences under any circumstances ever.
#3232 I registered my penis as a fingerprint on my girlfriend's phone, but when I tried to demonstrate unlocking, it didn't work because I got too erect and got her phone a little wet.
#3233 I do not settle for mediocrity. I struggle to maintain healthy relationships with the opposite sex, and I fear it's correlated with this mentality. If the depth of our loyalty won't change the world, shouldn't I be moving on?
#3234 I got invited to an event called "The Great American Smokeout". I naturally assumed this was an event celebrating smoking. So I showed up with my joints, cigs, and a cigar for good measure. Then I found out the event was actually hosted by the American cancer society and it was an anti smoking event. Boy did I get some dirty looks there.
#3235 To the girl sitting beside me in 18.404/6.840:
I want to fuck your brains out so bad. 
I even imagine it sometimes during the lecture.
#3236 Things are getting pretty serious with my lab. I've started leaving a toothbrush by my desk...
#3237 Oh no, I heard Japanese jazz once and all I could think was "how are these Asians so damn groovy?"
#3238 I find the most erotic part of a woman to be the boobies
#3239 https://theoxytocinchronicle.wordpress.com/2015/12/02/generation-cry-baby-why-millennials-are-a-fking-joke/
#3240 Linkin Park for springfest
#3241 According to the many-worlds interpretation, there are infinitely many universes in which I am confident in my ability to succeed on my finals.

This is not any of those universes.
#3242 sophomore here,
so... exactly what happens/ what do i have to be afraid of/ what the fuck do i do if I end up finishing this semester with less than 36 units? (30)

... am i going to be kicked out/ "strongly recommended" to go on leave?
#3243 We are jealous of friends at other colleges that have naked runs around finals.  So let's have one at MIT!  We will start a tradition, the Infinite Streak, that on the night before finals begin every term (Sunday, Dec 13, this term), we meet in Lobby 7 just before 10pm, and at exactly 10pm, strip naked, and run down the Infinite and back.  All are welcome and hopefully we'll get a good gender mix of runners along with some spectators to cheer them on. It will be a great way to relieve stress. Please spread the word and like and share this with your friends, dorms, frats, sororities, clubs, teams, etc.  Start a tradition of doing the run within your group, or start your own goal of doing 8 of 8 naked runs.
(FAQ: Why down the Infinite and back and not a loop? If someone wants to stop, they don't have to finish a loop. Those enjoying it can even go out and back again.  What do I wear when I show up?  Clothes or a towel.  Where do I leave the clothes?  In Lobby 7, since that's where the run ends.  Why doesn't the run go outside?  Safety in the cold weather - even UC Berkeley stays inside.  What about cameras?  Spectators and runners alike will probably bring their cameras to document the run and we can't stop them.  Do I have to be totally naked?  It's encouraged, but we certainly can't require it.)
tl;dr - Dec 13, 10pm, Lobby 7, strip and then naked run down and back the Infinite
#3244 When you find a toilet on the loneliest floor in the loneliest building, you've beaten MIT.
#3245 I think I'm becoming insane.
#3246 I told my Christian friends I was questioning my faith and they stopped talking to me. So I guess this should read: I told my "Christian" "friends"...
#3247 I hate the rain. Where is the snow?
#3248 You wanna know why there's an "unprecedented increase in the amount of people using wheeled devices inside buildings"? Because of all the fucking construction MIT
#3249 Talked a bunch of shit about Yale before realizing I should have checked where my shrink had gone to school. The diploma on the wall says yes. I learn what tact is that day.
#3250 Am I the only person who thought that exam actually went well?
#3251 @#3063, I also have always had that feeling. I ne'er thought I would leave past 30. My feeling is somewhat reasonable because most of my relatives live 20-40 years. I feel like my family is dying young and I am perfectly comfortable with that. No matter how blandly I mess up, I know I'll be dead soon.
#3252 @ #3071 If you don't mention any suicide plans, I am 99% sure they will not kick you out. Even desire to self harm shouldn't do it as long as you don't describe it as at the level of seriously considering suicide. This is coming from someone who WAS forced to leave. I said A LOT to S^3 and Mental Health before it got to that point. Try going back to S^3 and asking to see Miri Skolnik. She has always been super sensitive in my experience. Also, to you and anyone else, if you are seriously contemplating suicide, please get help even if you are scared of getting kicked out. MIT IS NOT WORTH DYING OVER.Yes, sometimes withdrawals are coerced (which, of course, is pretty concerning), but it takes a decent amount to get there, more than suicidal thoughts, if a low level of intent is expressed. And if you do have to leave, there is a decent chance you will be able to come back eventually. Plus, you can always see a therapist outside of MIT. No risk of withdrawal then :)
#3253 Why is it so necessary to have faculty that are similar to students? What happened to diversity? We don't have the right to be comfortable, and moreover, unfamiliar perspectives are good for building character and learning about yourself and the world. Of course, if there are truly negative circumstances or unfair treatment, that is unacceptable. But if someone feels discouraged simply because they see nobody like them in their field, I'm sorry, they must not want it enough. Obviously I cannot speak for all minorities, but as one myself, I don't feel a need to be surrounded with people just like me. That's not how we grow.

Have some faith in one another; being of the same race does not guarantee two people will understand each other, and equally so, being from different backgrounds does not mean people cannot understand one another.
#3254 The week before Dead Week should seriously be called Making-You-Dead week
#3255 Why did the ISO move so far away?? It's also one of the few offices left with only paper forms.
#3256 I feel like the only people who get into selective programs are the people who applied last-minute, and who don't really care about it. I feel like these programs reward people who are good at BS-ing.
#3257 I'm so good at crying without sounds that even my roommate who sits 6ft away from me can't notice it as long as I hide my face. Just some raindrops running down my face. I just really can't deal with crying in front of people, but I cannot stop those tears from falling when life is burning me out. Bur all will get washed away, and I'll start the next day strong again.
#3258 I'm a 5'2" guy, which has given me crippling social anxiety. Why should I even try living anymore? There's just no hope.
#3259 Really happy because I just started getting my life together. Did laundry, cleaned my room + dishes, and I'm even trying to stay caught up on work for the week #aboutgoddamntime
#3260 I had a dream that I was walking around in Stata completely naked, because in the dream everyone at MIT had decided that they were okay with public nudity. Then I saw someone from my high school who doesn't go here and he asked me "do you have any clothes?" and I calmly replied "Not at all" and walked away.
#3261 Fuck people who charge for food and alcohol after social events without telling people beforehand they were going to have to pay for it
#3262 I've never gotten a B before in my life. Not before MIT, and not even at MIT. I work hard, but I also realize how fortunate I have a natural ability to do well in school. I may take for granted sometimes my intelligence, but I never forget even for one second that there are other students that work twice as hard as I do and still aren't able to pass classes.

With this in mind, it really bothers me when someone does poorly on a test and when I try to console them or encourage them that they can do better next time, they never take me seriously. They tell me "you couldn't understand, you've never failed a test before in your life". They tell me, "even when you think you've done badly, you still usually beat the average". 

Since when does doing better than other people define whether we're doing well? Why can't I feel as if I've done poorly if I didn't live up to my potential, no matter how far above or below average I was? It's not about doing better than other people, it's about doing better than you think that you can do.

And even more, since when does our grades define the quality of our lives? Just because I've never failed a test doesn't mean that I don't know what it means to fail, to be disappointed in myself, or to face hardships.

I guess I just wish that people would realize that when I say that I know that they can overcome this, and that it will be ok, they're not empty words. I mean every one of them because I've been there too, even if I never show it.
#3263 It's the most wonderful time of the year.

When the Reading Room starts smelling unbearable.
#3264 How do you make a move on someone? I'm always so scared/nervous. My strategy is to just hope they have more courage than I do.
#3265 I want to sleep through life, and only wake up for the good parts. You know, like dinner.
#3266 I've been listening to so much Hamilton lately that I can't even masturbate without having a constant stream of the Founding Fathers rapping in the background.
#3267 Want to know why I'm so close with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology?
...
...
...
...
Because I got inta-mit.
#3268 Hey #3012,

If you're a female who's interested in a male owner, I'd also be interested; otherwise, sorry for being (mostly) hetero and boring. :3

mitmeowbarkrawr@gmail.com
#3269 When my roommate was home for thanksgiving, I masturbated in his bed 'cuz I missed him so much.
#3270 Hey there #3012.  I'm really into petplay as well.  Send me an email at petplaymit@gmail.com and we can work something out.

Looking forward to it.
#3271 I am an Evangelical Christian here on campus. I don't hide what I am, and most of my friends here are agnostic or atheist. We all get along just fine. One question I frequently get asked, I would like to address here. The question is, "why doesn't your church do things to be more fun, accept birth control, cohabitation, female priests, and other serious changes". People usually add to that how those changes would bring back young people in droves. Lets talk about fun, church is not meant to be fun. Church is about learning how to live your life, and to keep you on the right path. Lectures here are not always fun, but you still go, because you understand their need. People who leave church because it's not, "fun", are like people who leave lectures here they paid for, they missed the entire point. Next, accepting homosexuality, cohabitation, female priests, etc, etc. The reason we do not do these things is because all of these things are against the core doctrines of our church. We follow the lessons of the bible, the bible strictly forbids cohabitation and birth control violates the spirit of being open to life. We also forbid them because we empathize putting others before yourself, this includes creating stable working families, where you put the needs of the other members before yourself, even if it is at your own detriment. Cohabitation encourages you to seek your own pleasure, above the needs of others. (There is also plenty of psychological research showing this.) Some people have argued against this from a survival standpoint saying we should do it anyway just to get new members. We are not a popularity contest. Jesus when asked if he was king replied, "My Kingdom is not of this world". We are not a worldly crowd, nor do we want to be. And even if we were, the majority of students here at MIT would not show up anyway. You would all know that we were changing the doctrines in a cynical attempt to bring you. Did you know there are many new protestant sects that accept homosexuality, female priests, cohabitation, and other things? If you ask why you haven't heard of them it's because they collapse almost as fast as they rise. People stay faithful because faith challenges them, not tells them what they want to hear. What we actually do in my hometown is lead a strict, but loving congre
#3272 I was taken advantage of while drunk at a party, but I don't think anyone will believe me or care because I'm a guy. It wasn't like I was viciously raped, but if I was sober, I wouldn't have had sex.
#3273 My roommate left for thanksgiving break. I have been sleeping in her bed because I miss her.
#3274 I'm in love with a guy in my friend group but I'm also close friends with his ex. Part of me wants to see if anything can develop between me and him, but I know that she would be upset if we dated. I should let it go and just stay friends with him. But I don't know if I can...
#3275 all this talk about christopher columbus lately... what does he have to do with thanksgiving/native americans? the dude never even landed on north america...
#3276 You know you've been at MIT for too long when you get sick of Area Four.
#3277 Rob Miller and Max Goldman are actually really great professors who helped me when I had a question and care a lot about their students!
#3278 I'm not from MIT but your confessions page is the shit. I love the dank memes and semi serious discussions that help me procrastinate. Love from slightly to the north
#3279 I'm just trying to not get kicked out by CAP...
#3280 I came home for Thanksgiving just so that I could wear Crocs without being judged. #thankful
#3281 I won't be thankful until I'm dead.
#3282 I'm not from MIT or anything, but your confessions page is freaking me out. Seriously, are you all depressed and heartbroken?
#3283 Everyone on MIT Confessions should confess what they're thankful for.
#3284 Being home reminds me of what toilet paper is actually supposed to be vs the stuff housing give us. I know I'm complaining about free stuff, but isn't toilet paper only supposed to be shitty *after* use?
#3285 Internet explorer is my default browser.
#3286 2888, I still have nightmares about you, not super often, but still.  Either aboutsomehow "accidentally" getting back with you once again and putting myself into reliving the pain, or a combination of that and the last few non verbal encounters we had.  I'll get over it eventually, they're just subconscious remnants of trauma. I just really hope you learned for your next relationship.  Never treat someone how you treated me.  Your last message makes me hope you did learn.  You are an amazing person and even though I don't love you anymore I do remember why I loved you and I hope you can share that with someone else.  

I want to say the following because there's a chance it can help someone else:  No relationship is worth emotional/physical abuse. Emotional abuse is very real, because there was no physical damage I used to think it wasn't real/wasn't really affecting me. But it was. When I see him now I get so scared, but not for my physical safety.  I never thought this was possible, a conditioned fear reaction without (much) physical cause. I don't care how much you love them, how good things are usually, how much it feels like you can never love someone as much as you love them.  Do not let them hold you hostage by your love.  If they threaten to break up with you over something absurd in order to control you, let them.  Call theyre bluff, youll see its almost always a bluff.  If they threaten to break up with you, let them and say goodbye. Dont take them back, especially not if this happens repeatedly.  If they say, "if you really loved me then [insert something they want you to do/not do]", realize there's a big chance they are trying to manipulate/control you.  Never let someone try to invalidate your emotions or tell you they are wrong/not real.  If you repeatedly argue with them about the same things, and its always them attacking you and you defending yourself, its probably not going to change.  You'll make up, things will seem fine, and it will happen again.  Leave them.  Even if it seems like you can't survive without them, you can, you will adapt and grow and you will be so much stronger and happier because of it.  Losing them will open room up in your life for so much more.  Never let fear control you.  

If you are ever confused or unsure about how you are being treated in a relationship, please ask for help, go to VPR.  They can help you figure out what's going on, which is usually  really difficult if you are blinded by love.  Emotional abuse is so hard to deal with alone because even if you know youre in the right, having to always defend yourself really does affect you in subtle ways and gives them control over you.  Literally the person I talked to at VPR helped me immensely, even though no one has ever been able to help me work through something before in my life. You are strong, you will adapt, and you are worth so much more.

-2924
#3287 I appreciate everyone who shared about their abusive relationships. I too was victim in an (emotionally and sexually) abusive relationship which ended in a rape. I would never wish this on anyone, but it helps me so much to know I'm not alone.
#3288 Hello. I am in a search of a girl who dreams big
#3289 3D printing leads to worse course 2s.
#3290 That's it. I'm sick of everything. Right now I feel a PROFOUND loathing for almost everyone I know. Yes I'm talking to you, neighbors. To you, class peers. To you, cousins. 

I'm sick of life. Today I stayed in bed all day. Fuck this world, there's nothing in it besides you people whom I profoundly loathe. You're not worth it.
#3291 If I fart in the winter, will people see a stream of steam coming out of my butt? Technically fart should be dry right?
#3292 I've been looking forward to going home for months and because I was hoping to get back together with my ex. Now I might not even see him over break. It's pathetic how crushed I am over this.
#3293 I love Morty, and I hope that he loves me. I'd like to wrap my arms around him, and feel him inside me.
#3294 Fuck you Boston Daytime, you ruined my morning way too many times.
#3295 sociopaths  are the leading cause of broken hearts
#3296 I haven't started applying for summer internships yet (I'm course 2A, but not with 6). Am I totally fucked? (Additional info: I'm a junior.) Serious question, pls help
#3297 I just made the decision to drop to half load, and now I'm really worried. I know it's best for me and my health--I've had a really rough semester, but I was already on CAP warning. I want to take more than 48 units next term and I think I can manage it--does anyone have any ideas on how to convince the CAP to let me do that? (Also, I'm pretty freaked out about maybe not graduating on time.)
#3298 acid isn't fun
baby, without you, with me,
tripping in the reds
#3299 Why does everyone think McCormick dining is so good? The meat is as dry as the Sahara Desert and the vegetables are just boiled in water without any sauce or salt.
#3300 I got a fucking 75 on 6.005 and I want to take a fork and stab it into Rob Miller's jugular vein until he bleeds out and then proceed to suffocate Max Goldman with an extension cord.
#3301 I came to the conclusion years ago that I'm going to die by suicide.
#3302 I'm a senior, and I secretly get tutored by a freshman in math.
#3303 My roommate has been pulling all-nighters multiple times a week for the past few weeks. Every time I ask about it, she swears she's fine. I don't know what to do.
#3304 1492 here
Why won't anyone grope me!? I continuously place myself in positions that expose my butt. Indulge in the splendor that is my wonderfully round buttocks!
#3305 Gonna go home for Thanksgiving and drink until I have to come back, then drink some more
#3306 Yeah
Pset, Pset, I don't need no introduction
Pset, Pset, Ann-e Hunter on production, wow
Hundred scooters out in Random they so country, wow
Tell her pull all nighter, valet your bike, don't punt me now
Pset, Pset, live in Stata Maria I'm flexing, ooh!

-for R Tran
#3307 @2888, this sounds like you.  Leaving you for good is the thing I am most proud of myself for doing. If you weren't so horrible to me I wouldn't have been strong enough to do it.  I let myself feel the horrible pain of losing you, I let myself feel it completely and didn't try to villify you to stop me from caring.  But finally, I stopped caring.  I stopped thinking about you and feeling like I would see you again.  I used to think we were soulmates, that there was no way we wouldn't die together just based on how close I felt to you.  I still remember but what I can see clearly now is all of the abuse you put me through. That was some text book emotional abuse and it wasn't OK and I will never stay with someone who does even a fraction of what you used to do.  That's why its so easy now to forget you.  After I stopped caring about you I was alone and it was beautiful.  To not have to fucking answer to anyone.  And then I met someone and I fell in love again.  Its different and so much better.  He is so much better to me than you were, he never tries to hurt me, he makes me so happy. I might marry him in the future.  Anyway, i deleted my response so many times because I didn't know where this message would end or exactly what I wanted to say. Basically I am so proud of myself for leaving you, but am grateful of everything I learned because of it.
#3308 Spontaneous decisions are the best decisions
#3309 I wish Thanksgiving was a real vacation and not just a few days of tooling at your parents' house instead of the library.
#3310 With a gentle caress of the inner thigh, Fabio stole my heart....and all my stuff
#3311 Like this if you think Francois should be our commencement speaker #FrancoisForCommencement2016
#3312 I just discovered that my roommate does not wash his hands after going to the bathroom. I definitely think this is something worth talking to him about. However, he also has never cleaned our room, never cleaned the bathroom (and leaves trash all over it, even though it is tiny and has a trash can), rarely showers or does laundry and thus often smells very bad, and leaves horrible smelling towels in our room and bathroom. All of these things annoy me, but since he never complains about anything I do (except sometimes opening the windows when he is particularly bad smelling), I don't want to be obnoxious or confrontational and have to talk to him about all of those things. Should I? Can I (does he have the right to not wash his hands or leave stinky towels lying around)? Do I have to pick 2? Please help.
#3313 i really suck at talking to girls, but i'm really good at rationalizing ways to not even try.
#3314 Most, if not all, of the grad students I know spend their weekends and general free time binge drinking. Aren't there grad students on this campus who don't need to resort to alcohol to have fun? :(
#3315 Sleep is for the weak? More like sleep for a week once this semester is finally fuckin over amirite
#3316 I keep seeing a super skinny girl around and I am just worried if she's anorexic. I don't want to offend her by asking though.
#3317 I went commando at ring delivery
#3318 I always compose my responses to over-the-text heated arguments beforehand because I know exactly what my friends are going to say, and then I challenge myself to copy, paste, and send them immediately after my friends reply, and before they manage to type any other message.
#3319 I want to die. I want to give up and go away. I want to reach out to people because I'm so lonely but I've been crying alone in my room for all of the weekend. I don't want to bother someone with my worthless problems. There's people that I want to talk to because they make me smile but we only talk at sport practice and I don't want to bother them. I want so badly to reach out to them but I'm so terrified of the rejection. I'm sick to my stomach and I'm so close to regressing back into self harm and suicide. I'm so sorry I'm so pathetic and worthless
#3320 I am secretly trying to recover from an eating disorder alone, but to other people it just looks like I'm gaining my 'Freshman 15', and having to deal with both the weight gain and the misunderstanding just fucking hurts.
#3321 I'm sick of seeing all these support networks pop up. Along with all of these people "there to talk" if you're depressed. Maybe if you just made friends and talked to them like normal people, everyone wouldn't need support all the time.
#3322 I feel like the question of Syrian refugees is simple, but not in the way I see some people breaking it down. The choice as I see it is A) Does the US accept the refugees, knowing it is likely that some percentage of them will be malicious agents taking advantage of the crisis to immigrate, or B) Does the US accept none of them (or perhaps a third option, does the US accept a subset that is likely to be harmless? Eg. children only, though that would be heartbreaking for those families and not necessarily the best option for those children, etc.).

To argue that innocent refugees should be welcomed because they're decent human beings is to argue against a straw man (Well, it may SHOULD be arguing against a straw man, though some politicians' comments seem to indicate they might actually be opposed to this sentiment...). If governments had divining rods that could tell who was and wasn't intending to perpetrate violence on others, this decision would be much more straightforward.

I just wanted to articulate this distinction. I think it's very possible to be in favor of A) above; but the proper articulation is "I support accepting all of the refugees, because helping the innocent ones is more important than preventing the damage that might be caused by the malicious agents", not simply "I support welcoming Syrians". (Does this sound accurate to people? I am by zero means a domain expert, here)
#3323 The biggest regret of my life is treating you like shit. I loved you so much, but I don't know why it was so hard for me to show you. You've been gone for so long now, but hearing how you pretend to not know of me hurts a shit ton. I still have the fondest of memories of you, and I know those won't fade for a long time. I guess I just thought that was kind of mutual. 

Regardless of what you think of me, I will always see you as the love of my life. It's too bad you don't know what the good old days are until they're over.
#3324 Recently I've been coping with being single and lonely by remembering that my ex never approved of me singing This Day Aria during skype dates.
#3325 I just want to acknowledge the students at MIT who take time out of their buys, stressful MIT schedules to volunteer and try to raise money though the UGC. It takes balls to put your face out there and ask fellow students for their financial support. As a former tech caller, calling alumni over the phone for pay to ask for donations was one thing, but asking people that you recognize in person for no pay is another. Bravo.
#3326 I feel like everything in my life is subpar. I enjoy all of it but there's nothing that I would not replace with something better. I really like my freinds but there are better ones, I like my girlfreind but I could find one prettier and more fun. I am excited about my job that I will be pursuing but it isn't my dream job. 

When I was younger, I thought I would always work and get want I wanted but now I feel as though life is just about settling for the best you can get.
#3327 What happens when you know MIT is actually nothing different from any other place in the world.
#3328 tbh I really dislike 'I'll make a man out of you' because (1) I fucking swear I've had to listen to this song every week for the past like 8 years and (2) although I know Mulan's all about girl power, the song is obviously sexist.
#3329 I'm a UGC volunteer, and it's personally hard for me to speak to you all in the infinite. I believe in the philanthropy, but all the complaints and the determined ignorance of our presence in Lobby 10 is disheartening. If we're in the way, if you don't want to or aren't able to give, if you don't believe in helping out fellow student projects because you think MIT is somehow hoarding more money than your tuition, that's fine. I just wanted to say that at the beginning of my shifts I'm anxious because I know I'm stopping you on your way to class, and I know most of you are going to ignore me, but I think it's worth noting that a "no thanks" is a thousand times more humane than denying us the acknowledgement of being your colleagues.
#3330 It sucks to realize that I missed an opportunity, especially when I'm not sure what changed. I guess he just got a better sense of who I was, but I should have fucked him when I had the chance.
#3331 The constant jokes about how annoying and invasive the UGC people are is so depressing. They're raising money for a good cause, and they try to get your attention so they can do a better job of that. And if you really can't afford to donate, of course that's understandable, but I seriously doubt that's the case for everyone bitching about it. It wouldn't kill you to stop for a minute and donate a dollar.
#3332 Ever since I left the city you got a reputation for yourself. Now everybody knows, and I feel left out. Girl you got me down, you got me stressed out. Because ever since I left the city, you started wearing less and going out more. Glasses of champagne out on the dance floor, hanging with some girls I've never seen before. You used to call me on my cell phone.

Late at night when you need my love, call me on my cellphone.
#3333 I would like to thank my ex boyfriend for a great lesson. Basically, it seems that my main fault was that I was too nice and did everything for him. And now he wants a "strong" girlfriend. That's fine but why the hell did you keep coming back to me all semester, begging me to take you back, pretending to be nice, while spending a lot of time with a "hardass" girl from your new dorm? I trusted you and took you back because I loved you, it was my excuse. But what was yours for messing with me? You did not tell your friends that you keep coming back, the last time just a few weeks ago, because you knew they would be disgusted with you. But you made me stronger now. And please, don't try to come back again after you will be kicked out by this "strong" girl pretty soon ("strong" girls usually are not into your cheesy style). And girls, DON'T BE NICE to immature jerks who will only use it against you.
#3334 The most useful skill I've learned at MIT is how to spot the UGC from building 4, make eye contact with one of the people, then slip out of sight into the tunnels just before reaching lobby 10
#3335 It's scary how much I can relate to the new kid in this video. Unfortunately, I know there are many others who also relate, but won't click "like" on this because of how scary liberal mob mentality is. 
http://www.usworldreport.com/this-hilarious-video-mocks-the-bizarre-liberalism-in-schools/
#3336 I can't forgive myself for no longer being able to make you so happy.
#3337 Instead of murdering innocent green matter by erecting unnecessary tents and having ugly, disheveled construction going on everywhere, MIT could really build:
1. A HEATED underpass at 77 Mass Ave connecting the infinite to the student center
2. Pavement bike lanes along Mem Drive so zooming cars don't quash bikers and zooming bikers don't quash pedestrians.
kthxbye.
#3338 Let me preface this by saying I am a decent human. I count myself as a feminist. But I get so horny at yoga, because when a girl bends down in those tight pants, and her butt is right in front of your face...I have a girlfriend...
#3339 I appreciate Yonadav Shavit as DormCon president too. Also I have a crush on him but I doubt he's single and also it's be weird to just go up to him and be like, "I want to fuck your brains out"
#3340 I want to fuck Francois...
#3341 It's confusing to see people at MIT smoke cigarettes. Aren't you here because you're smart?
#3342 anyone else think that the huge beaver head on the second floor of stud is creepy af
#3343 I wish I knew what it was like to be invited to a formal.
#3344 I like to slide my hands along the handle bars when I go down the stairs in the student center. It makes me feel like I am a princess and I am a guy.
#3345 You know you go to MIT when _______________
#3346 oh my god where did tenzing go, maseeh food is exponentially less edible than it usually is
#3347 If my GPA had a theme song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9VMfdG873E
#3348 I'm a furry too. I've dropped some big hints to some of my friends and I don't think any of them were bothered. On the other hand, while I can and do enjoy completely innocent furriness, I also enjoy the sexual deviant kind of furriness, and I have been much more guarded about that, partly because it's obviously weird but also partly precisely because I know there are many normal furries who struggle with that stereotype.

So, #2769, if you'll accept my spiritual company, you're not alone to some degree. If not, meh.
#3349 I can't believe the semester's almost over...
#3350 When someone is promoting breast cancer awareness, you don't tell them that they shouldn't just focus on breast cancer and that they're ignorant since there are so many other types of cancer they should be promoting.  Focusing on breast cancer isn't saying the other types of cancer don't matter. When someone is mourning over a death of a friend or a family member, you don't tell them that they shouldn't only be sad about only one person because there are so many other deaths to be sad about. Mourning someone you are close to doesn't imply that the deaths of others mean any less.  When people are saying "black lives matter", you shouldn't tell them they are wrong and that they should be saying "all lives matter".  Trying to shed light about the inequality black people face doesn't mean that other people don't face inequality too.  So, when Paris is affected like this and people are trying to show their support, stop telling them that they shouldn't show their support since there are other places that have been affected too. Let people acknowledge the event out of respect even if just changing a profile picture seems trivial. The intentions are good.
#3351 As a senior, I'm starting to really see the ugly side of MIT - the disgusting corporation side that doesn't give a shit about the students. It really makes me feel small and insignificant here. Like, how many confessions have there been about all the mental health things, and the tents, and housing, etc.  It makes me so disappointed in MIT.  I'm starting to forget why I loved it so much.
#3352 UGC get the fuck out of the way.
#3353 When I try to sleep at night I imagine my boyfriend and I engaging in BDSM. 
Happy dreams ;)
#3354 To the person in McCormick who wears the jeans with silver feathers on them - Please change! I have seen you wear those EVERY day. I can only imagine how disgusting they must be.
#3355 "Why are we praying for Paris when people are dying in _______?"

This is not the oppression olympics?? We can pray for everyone you know
#3356 I grew up in an urban area in a conservative state in a family that was indifferent to LGBT issues. With essentially no direct guidance either for or against I took what I thought was the right and decent path, support. I would read about persecution and side on the side of human rights equality and feel pleased with myself that I was on the right side of history. However, I was never exposed to many openly LGBT people in my conservative state and, having been exposed now to those people and the everyday problems they face, I realize that despite best efforts I committed many micro-aggressions and showed a lack of empathy before. I'd like to think that I'm changed now and I'm sure that most people would be satisfied that I had recognized what I was doing wrong and was making active efforts to change my behaviour and be more welcoming, but it bothers me that the nights I spent thinking about what I believed in and trying to be supportive of all people were not enough.
#3357 I hit myself over and over until I bruise.
#3358 Moral high-handedness on this page. You read a confession and you can predict the comments (and sometimes who) below.
#3359 I keep seeing people post statuses in French. Honestly, what the fuck. Are you mourning the loss of 100+ French lives or are you just using this as an excuse to brag that you know French?
#3360 How did the term "straight" come to be a slang term for heterosexual? Like where did that come from? The shit I think about.
#3361 How are people so busy or hosed? I'm asking seriously. I'm bored all the time and I just want something to do. I have 5.5 classes and all I do is classes and Netflix, seriously.
#3362 Fuck anyone who thinks that they can kill others just because they don't share their beliefs. So yes, fuck ISIS, I hope everyone who had anything to do with the Paris attacks or any other terrorist attacks has a slow and painful death soon. 
No one has the right to do what they did.
#3363 MIT confessions should change its pic to support france
#3364 During my CPW the fraternity I was temped in had a party, and they all got drunk. I stayed sober to maintain power. I took all of their keys and snuck into their rooms as they piddlefarted downstairs. I then urinated into their water and/or alcohol bottles.
#3365 I slept on a bench during CPW.
#3366 When people ask me if I've gone to Simmons before I say yes.  But the only times I've ever gone to Simmons is when I want to have sex in the ball pit.
#3367 Freshman year - All my silverware is from dining.

Senior year - All my silverware is the plastic forks, spoons, and knives from verdes.
#3368 I was walking down building 4 with some friends and they made all these comments about how it smells like throw up...

I laughed casually but really I knew why it smells like that.  On the weekends after coming back drunkenly from parties I walk through building 4 because there's pianos there. I play for a while but then I have this urge to puke.  But I don't make it to the bathroom in time and end up puking on the floors. I clean it up mostly with paper towels and then throw them in the trash.  This happens a lot... :/
#3369 Who is Ziran Guo?
#3370 It would be real nice if I could stop having dreams about my ex, thank you very much, subconscious.
#3371 I am a senior and all I want is to cuddle with someone.
#3372 Pray for Paris.

Paris prayed for us 2 and a half years ago.
#3373 After sex, my girlfriend and I have a ritual where I push on her lower abdomen until she queefs. We laugh every time.
#3374 Whoever talking shit about talking shit about Ziran Guo needs to reevaluate his/her definition of talking shit.
#3375 Is it sad I don't know what a tetazoo is? Is it like an organism?
#3376 I hate keyboard warriors.
#3377 Igor Pro sucks
#3378 "PalestineMIT and the Arab Students Organization are hosting Dr. Mads Gilbert, who openly supports the 9/11 attacks, because they themselves support any attack on the US. All American universities for a long time occupied by Palestinian activists, who under disguises of being students, stay there for 7-12 years, educating one generation after another of students in anti=Israeli and anti-American hatred. They are supported by leftist organizations on campuses, led very often, as funny as it is, by secular Jews converted to communism. They do not care about Israel and are worshiping "justice" for anyone "oppressed" like blacks, Indians. Now their favorite charity case is Palestinians. Those gullible American idiots just do not understand, that they are raising army of their own murderers."

To the indvidual who wrote this comment on the Tech article about Mads Gilbert,

You are racist and xenophobic.

Sincerely.
#3379 Serious question: Anybody know of a snack that close to zero calories (almost no carbs and fat)? I just want something for my hands and mouth to do, but many smacks actually make you gain weight. It's OK if it's flavourless. Thanks!!
#3380 At the beginning of my freshman year, I accidentally asked a professor if he was a freshman. He casually responded, "No, but I teach freshmen..."
#3381 I think the culture of trigger warnings and microagressions is fundamentally unhealthy. While in all cases, respect and consideration should determine what you say and how you say it, I despise the proposed fragility of it all. It does an immense disservice to people to imply hearing that "America is a land of opportunity" is an inappropriate sentance, for example. It encourages people to see themselves as made of glass, subject to shattering on one misplaced rock. This is not a key to good mental health, and I think it is linked to self-perpetuating behaviours that can make things like anxiety and depression even worse. But you know, that's just my opinion.
#3382 A previous professor of mine, a predominant figure in his field, makes the same joke in his farewell address every time he teaches his class. The roaring laughter that ensues, is not only confusing, but painful to me because I feel that this joke hugely undermines the progress MIT has made towards racial inclusion. 

I'm not the best at discussing whats racist and whats not--I find my emotions usually get the best of me in these conversations. In the face of these issues, I usually just shrug my shoulders and learn to live with the harm. I'm not trying to impose on his freedom of speech, I just am fearful of what harm this might propagate when you have a very admired professor at a world class institution showing his students that there is no harm caused when making jokes like this.

I almost want to post a link of the joke here (its on OCW and youtube, which is how I suspect he makes the same joke every year), but I'm not sure if it would do any good to publicly shame him and have people comment on his specific word use or debate whether or not what he said was actually harmful. But to me, when someone makes a joke where the punchline is based on the western born stereotype that "all asians look the same" , well that brings up a lot of pain, especially if this person is well respected in a community that students of color are trying to thrive in.

Its been a year now, and these memories and this pain still resurfaces whenever conversations of race come up in the news. These videos are still on youtube. And he'll probably make the same joke again this year. I'm looking for some closure or a solution but its not the easiest to talk to people who demand to be convinced with whatever they deem to be logical when the harm is a very obvious experience for me.
#3383 Why does the water fountain outside of 26-100 dispense warm water?
#3384 Oh you. Stop looking so sad. You do that thing with your eyes when you smile and it makes me melt completely. Damn it, do you even know?
#3385 I know so many li's, lee's, and liu's its craycrayaf
#3386 What if metro booming was not on production and it was actually Noam Chomsky?
#3387 I'm Asian-American, I don't really feel comfortable with the AAA "Got Fever?" shirts. I understand the idea of owning this phenomenon of yellow fever that's racist and dehumanizing to Asians and Asian-Americans, but I don't know if the shirts are perceived like that. Most of the time, I feel like the shirt is just downplaying the reality of yellow fever by making it into a punchline. Thoughts?
#3388 That 6.012 exam fucked me over so hard.
Fuck.
#3389 @#2649 I measure time in my life by the time between My Little Pony episodes.
#3390 A student once said, 

"The hitch in this was, of course, the fact that one had to cram all this stuff into one's mind for the examinations, whether one liked it or not. This coercion had such a deterring effect upon me that, after I had passed the final examination, I found the consideration of any scientific problems distasteful to me for an entire year."

And that student's name? Albert Einstein.
#3391 There's enough construction on MIT Campus already. Why is there so much construction in Kendall and Central too?
#3392 When I die and go to hell, I know what my punishment will be:
CADing stupid things all day without a mouse using a laptop trackpad while SolidWorks crashes every time I look at it funny.
#3393 If I graduate, I'll smoke crack once.
#3394 I measure time in my life by the space between Walking Dead episodes.
#3395 I feel like a lot of racial activism portrayed by the media nowadays is very binary. It's always something to do with black vs white when in reality there are other racial minority groups out there that are often forgotten in discussions surrounding racial tension. For example, cop beats up Asian senior, media does not play the race card nearly as much as when a black guy  gets beat up. Discourse surrounding racial discrimination and diversity needs to involve a diverse group of people rather than just a couple.
#3396 I'm sitting in the student center, 3 bar signal to WiFi, and I can't connect. Sometimes I wonder why I bother coming to campus.
#3397 a stone's throw away
from flinging shit on walls while
rubbing my nipples
#3398 Does anyone else think frats at MIT are like cults?
#3399 I imagine all the trolls on this page getting together for a weekly confessions meeting going, "and then we'll say that SJWs are wrong! That'll piss them off!" and then laughing madly.
#3400 Guys, if you are going to run on a trendmill at the Z, PLEASE put on your deodorant. I almost passed out when I got to the second floor.
#3401 After three years here, I learned what cuffing season was. Who wants to cuddle up?
#3402 I find it amusing that the same people who think the police are all horrible racist monsters also are the ones who think that only the police should have guns.
#3403 some people are saying that they're sorry about the disappearance of the tunnel goblins - that they were an important part of mit culture - well can i just say i have no sympathy for that attitude! i was once attacked by one of our fucking precious goblins!! i for one am happy that i have the chance to traverse mit's tunnels without fear! much love to the pretty fairies on the east side, though
#3404 All of the unhappiness people I know have one thing in common. They blame anyone and anything but themselves for their problems. I've been down the blame road too, seeing myself as a victim of person or circumstance. But I found that taking responsibility for everything that happens in your life is difficult at first, then it becomes empowering and makes you a much stronger more capable person. I know that some problems may not be your fault. At the end of the day, only you can solve them by changing yourself, not someone or something else.
#3405 Yale has recently been trending so much for bad stuff. #suckstosuck
#3406 I have not been to the ball pit in Simmons since freshman year after an upperclassman told me that people had sex in there. Now I kinda miss that place.
#3407 I wish to remove each of President Rafael Reif's teeth with my thumb and forefinger and eat them one by one.
#3408 As a nearsighted person, I'm appalled by the continuing prevalence of Halloween costumes that involve eyeglasses.  Does nobody else realize how offensive and insensitive these costumes are to me - a person who has to go through the grueling ordeal of staggering around my room every morning, virtually blind, feeling for my eyeglasses? Surely, the MIT community must recognize that these costumes make a mockery of me and my condition.  

I've spoken to some other individuals who share my disability, and many of them expressed that they do not feel offended by these appropriative costumes.  Yet, their individual offense is neither necessary nor expected for recognizing offensiveness in general.  It doesn't matter whether they're offended, or even whether the majority of nearsighted individuals are offended.  The only thing that matters is that MIT must make a safe learning space for everyone - including me, and including other nearsighted people who are offended by these costumes, who I'm sure exist but just aren't vocal enough to speak up for themselves.  And as the most easily-offended nearsighted individual in this community, I get the privilege of deciding what is or isn't appropriate here.
#3409 I think the best way to read all these confessions is in the light of a bad joke. For example, the wolf of wall street dealt with some very dark subjects, but made it funny because by watching you understood it was finding a way to laugh at the ugly side of life.
#3410 Before I begin, I would like to emphasize that this has nothing to do whatsoever with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. This confession only has to do with two events I have experienced in the one semester I have been at MIT. I do not have a firm stance on the Israeli- Palestinian conflict. I feel that the complexities of the issue are beyond the scope of my knowledge and experiences. What I do understand a little better, though, is hate, and I am very much anti-hatred. I attribute my strong anti-hatred stance to my grandfather who amazingly escaped Germany during the Holocaust as a child. The rest of his family:mother, father, and older brother, though, could not escape and did not survive. Needless to say, this deeply impacted my grandfather. The most important way he influenced me was through his intolerance for hatred. He taught me that hatred is ignorant and could have a devastating impact if not kept in check. This leads me to two events that, although not unheard of, are very alarming and should not be occurring- especially at MIT. The first occurred a couple weeks ago during office hours. I sat down in an empty chair next to a girl whom I had not seen before. This girl was wearing a hijab. Naturally, I have no idea if she is Palestinian, simply anti-Israel, or what her views are, and quite frankly I could not care less. She's a student at MIT, like me, and she is here to learn, like me. She looked at me, and I smiled (even though the socially-awkward side of me panicked as it does whenever someone looks at me and I had to confirm to myself that my breath didn't smell and that I did shower that day). I did notice, though, that her eyes lingered on the Star of David necklace I was wearing. Without hesitation, she picked up her notes and sat away from me. Obviously, I do not know what she was thinking and maybe she simply could see better further back in the classroom. I did not let this bother me, though if you're reading this, I am sorry if I offended you. The second, more concerning event, happened before the "Israeli Impunity and the Palestinian Reality" event. Although I do not agree with the angry and perhaps hateful undertones of this event, I do support free speech and I am happy that students and faculty who are anti-Israel feel safe enough to voice their opinions. I was walking down the Infinite prior to the event; I saw a massive line of people and had no idea what was going on. I asked someone what was going on, and she said "A talk by Dr. Chomsky on the injustices from bloodthirsty Jews". As she was saying this, the person she was with looked at my Star of David necklace and then proceeded to say something in Arabic to the woman I was speaking with. The woman then proceeded to loudly and angrily exclaim that I was "venomous" and a "disgusting murderer" to which others in line turned to us. I was so alarmed and taken aback that I quickly walked away. I even felt unsafe to walk back to my dorm alone later that evening. I do not know whether these people were MIT affiliated or not. I do not feel that students should be censored in their political beliefs. I feel censorship can create an environment that could be deemed unsafe to students. What I do believe, though, is that people should be weary of when their beliefs transform into hatred. I am not Israeli nor do I have a strong opinion on the situation, and I have not even been to Israel. Yet, due to my cultural and religious identity I was verbally attacked in front of many people. I have not been here for a full semester, yet I have already experienced this hatred. I feel unsafe to wear my Star of David necklace that I have been wearing for years let alone discuss this matter. We are all students- most is not all of whom have played no role in this conflict. All student groups should be tolerant of each other's beliefs even if there is disagreement. But no student should be subject to personal discrimination and no student should ever feel that their safety is threatened.
#3411 I like a lot of things, and I don't like a lot of things. Good thing there's a lot of things.
#3412 I'm getting confused on the bathroom situation with the transgender movement. Here's my dilemma, you could build a third bathroom, which would suit some, but some in the trans community would find it insulting and want to use the bathroom of their transition gender. The issue there would be, especially with women, some of them would not want someone they perceive as a man in a bathroom with them. So I'm honestly stuck on what solution to advocate.
#3413 @2529: I don't get it. Sexual attraction (or lack of) is not racist. Since when is it a right to have people be attracted to you?
#3414 Why do all white people here make the same dumb ass face when I walk by them in the halls... they purse their lips, because it's too hard to fucking wave or something?
#3415 7:00am. Monday morning. Senior House. Awakened weekly by incessant, loud leaf blowing in President Reif's yard. I now know true rage.
#3416 gooooooooooo colonials #tjhsst
#3417 As an international student from Asia, I found it really hard to make friends with Americans here at MIT. Nobody, except guys from my home country, wants to hang out with me. I think people here are taught to be politically right but they don't really like Asians except Asian girls.
#3418 The one thing I've learnt from being sent to McLean by Mental Health is to hide any future self-harming from Mental Health and not open up about my true feelings as much. I just love the focus on liability protection MIT has.
#3419 
2529 here.

Nope I am not creepy because like I already said, I get to dance with open minded girls at the same parties. You probably need more context: many of the girls I have observed decline dancing with black dudes every freaking time. it absolutely is about race. Is that sad? yes! Should it change? Absolutely.

At the end of  the day, people of any 'racial group' [in the US] attribute so much to the bullshit they read in the media about people of other races.  This is very different from my experience when I was based in Germany, where most people I met were actually curious about who I was than how closely related I were to some bullshit stat they read about those who looked like me on a tabloid.

What I am saying is that I have had to prove to lame grils here that I wasn't a 'thug' before they would actually dance with me, Now, that's bullshit.
#3420 @2529 you think just because you won a bunch of dance competitions and "got moves" that you're entitled to my body on the dance floor? Women are individuals entitled to their own choices, not robots pre-programmed to dance with whoever thinks they're good at dancing.  You've got no business telling me who I should or shouldn't be dancing with, the only person with the power to decide that is me.  And even if I choose to dance with men of certain races, that's my business and mine alone. 

And this is why we need more feminism in the world.
#3421 If you are reading this, there is a 67% chance I fucked your bitch.
#3422 It sucks to be the one in your group of friends that no one really cares about.
#3423 Begins rant:

As a black non-American male who can actually dance, [as confirmed by my awards from dancing competitions] lets say I am actually frustrated by the type of girls I meet on the dance floor at MIT and around the Boston area. (Am 21+) . In my experience, I have met two types of girls.

1) The white, asian [including Indians of course], or black girl who is insecure or probably lacks exposure and refuses to dance with any black male. I make this conclusion because I see them dancing with another  non-black male immediately after they turn down dancing with me. And repeat this disgusting behaviour throughout the party. I actually try to watch to see if I can prove myself wrong. Unfortunately, they prove me right every fucking time.

2)  The ones who understand that a party is just a party and are willing to dance with anyone who can prove that they got moves.

Now, if you belong to group two, clap for yourself. Those who belong to group one however, should check themselves or their prejudices. Do you prefer dancing with non-black males to black males? Why?...
Do you understand that this behaviour could have a racist undertone? If you act this way because of what the media perpetuates, check yourself. Relax and have fun. Parties are supposed to be fun and not a space to bring whatever racist tendencies you have. 

This post about discrimination also rings true for black women and online dating as well... but I won't delve into that for sake of brevity.

I feel like this part of the world is overly obsessed with unfounded assumptions about races to the point where communities at schools like MIT and other schools around the Boston area are so segmented. Lets chill and have fun people, We share more in common than our differences to be honest...

***ends rant
#3424 As a man involved in the feminist movement I want to call out some hypocrisies I have personally witnessed. Certain feminists want equal rights but also want men to be expected to hold the door for them and pay for them on dates. That is not equality. If you really want equality then you don't get doors held for you by men for being a woman or meals paid for, you can't have it both ways.
#3425 The privileging of solid over fluid mechanics, and indeed the inability of science to deal with turbulent flow at all, she attributes to the association of fluidity with femininity. Whereas men have sex organs that protrude and become rigid, women have openings that leak menstrual blood and vaginal fluids... From this perspective it is no wonder that science has not been able to arrive at a successful model for turbulence. The problem of turbulent flow cannot be solved because the conceptions of fluids (and of women) have been formulated so as necessarily to leave unarticulated remainders.
#3426 How come we don't have a Sex Week like Harvard's? Sounds super fun and informative
#3427 If MIT is this billionaire institution that helped creating the Internet, then how the heck is the connection at Senior Haus so shitty?
#3428 Sometimes I think people walking behind me are talking about me. I don't know if I have issues or just super unlikable.

Then I internally debate whether I should even care about if they are talking about me or if I should take their potentially non-existant criticism and grow into a better person. But mostly I just feel bad.
#3429 This weather is just as confused as us students
#3430 Can we talk about how a woman died in the sauna in DuPont and all we got was a tech article about it??? None of my friends knew until I showed them the article...
#3431 I can't believe all my friends are obsessed with a show about gay space rocks.
#3432 Squadliness is next to godliness
#3433 All I want is for MIT to offer Culinary Sciences as a HASS-A
#3434 I treat my psets like I treat my girlfriends, ignore them and let them disappear.
#3435 My dream threesome is me and the Dalai Lama double teaming T-Swift on Kresge.
#3436 I still battle with the fact that flexibility is not your ability to flex.
#3437 I was working on a pset for chem the other day and after I was done, I was quite bored, so I jizzed on it and let it dry before submitting it. Hope prof. thinks it just fell in a puddle or something.
#3438 I've had many bad friendships, and I'm trying to start over but I've lost all hope I had in me and other people. I can't make friends anymore, and all the time spent alone (amongst other things) is giving me suicidal thoughts. I made some changes, and I had such high hopes that everything would work out this year but it all came crashing down. For the first time in 3 years, I cant muster up any hope for the future. What do I do now?
#3439 What is with people loudly talking during lecture? I understand if you have a question about what the professor wrote on the board, just whisper or wait until the end of class. But why do some people insist on loudly talking about non-class related things during class?! Not only are you distracting the other students in the class, you're being extremely rude to the professor. I pay a lot of money to sit in this class, it'd be awesome if you would shut the fuck up so I can hear what's going on. And if I ask you nicely to be quiet don't give me attitude back. People these day smh.
#3440 i would let donald trump creampie me if that meant i didn't have to take this bioinformatics exam.
#3441 I sunk down on my knees and clasped my hands together, praying to a God I don't believe in. "Just give me a D--all I need is a D. Just a D." The double entendre suddenly crosses my mind. My embarrassment is apparent, and my professor is young enough to understand the unintentional sexual innuendo of my pleas. Fucking stupid awkward whore that I am. fuck.
#3442 It feels like every time I eat at Maseeh, I see about half of the tables occupied by people eating alone. Can't we all just learn to sit together at meals, regardless of whether we even know each other?
#3443 I came to MIT expecting my classmates to be fucking smart. I am now a junior and realize that I was totally wrong. Most MIT students aren't much smarter than average, they just work hard.
#3444 I've actually had a really good experience with MIT Mental Health, and I'm feeling so much better because of them. My therapist rocks <3
#3445 If MIT was actually serious about diversity on campus, it should do something about 90% of undergrads being US citizens...
#3446 I've discovered the coolest new trick! Since I cry myself to sleep over my psets and crippling anxiety every night, I no longer have to wash off my eyeliner before going to bed. Genius! #lifehacks
#3447 Being a freshman, you can seriously tell how thirsty some people are once November started
#3448 I really think that all those poses sorority girls do in their pictures are super lame. Seriously, couldn't you find anything less childish/ uncreative?
#3449 I wouldn't really mind if someone broke up with me. Because that would mean that there existed someone who liked me in the first place.
#3450 To Next House Kitchen: If you can't even cook rice right, what can you do in life?
#3451 I think I might be the worst MIT student ever to make it to senior year. I've never had a job, internship, externship, or UROP. I'm not in any clubs. I haven't done well, nor am I currently doing well, in many of my classes. My advisor probably thinks I'm a piece of shit. I think I'm a piece of shit. I think I'm a dumb, ugly, unmotivated, boring, socially awkward dysfunctional piece of shit. That's what goes through my head, constantly.

I have issues... my biggest one is that I'm AFRAID of people. Paralyzingly afraid of people. Always worried about what people think of me, always fearing I'm being watched and judged in public. I have a huge social anxiety problem. And it's cause I hate myself and have no confidence. It's probably why I never reach out to people for new friends or jobs.

I'm tired of spending entire weekends in my room, only going out for bathroom breaks and to get dinner in a green box. I'm tired of spending hours on a pset failing to make any real progress. I'm tired of struggling in office hours, hearing people say they get it and it all makes sense now when I'm still confused, probably on a problem before the one they just got. I'm tired of not being able to get help when I feel this way because I can't talk properly to whoever comes to help me, in excruciating discomfort and fear that they and whoever else is overhearing will probably think I'm a dumbass.

I'll never deliberately kill myself. I'm too scared of the possibility of hell, and I don't want to put my family through the grief. But I feel trapped in my inhibitions. I have to change something. But I'm not going to S^3 or mental health to do it, cause that's more people, and they'll probably just kick me out. Sorry to add another sad confession on here.
#3452 I have a suspicion that Spotify make their ads subtly torture your ears so that you'll get the premium version just to escape.
#3453 I feel bad for Prof. Entala Nako and Prof. Bob Weinberg. Just because she's not an epic professor like Lander, nobody claps for them when 7.012 lecture is over. Meanwhile, Lander gets all the appreciation. Nako and Weinberg are working hard too and they try their best to teach you the material while keeping you engaged. Give them a little happiness by being grateful -- maybe they'll do better as they get more positivity from us, the students.
#3454 I 
Like
Big 
Psets and I cannot lie!

jk i wanna go to sleep
#3455 Sometimes I stay up late even when I promised to go to sleep because I am so excited by the work I am doing. #IHTFP

(Disclaimer: Yeah, sometimes it sucks, it really, really, painfully sucks, but sometimes life is good, too, and sometimes I am really overjoyed that I came here. I wanted to share more positivity on this page.)
#3456 what to do when you "know" someone and they "know" you but neither of you know each other enough to acknowledge knowing each other... #sociallyawkward
#3457 It's Nov. 1 - frosh, feel free to make out with me now.
#3458 I speak more Spanish than English at MIT.
#3459 I just want to say that, as a senior, I won't miss this place once I leave here.
#3460 The worst part about having affirmative action is that sometimes I doubt whether I'm fit to be here.  Am I here just because I'm a minority, or do I actually deserve to be here.

My friends from high school say that I got in because of my ethnicity, and sometimes I wonder whether or not they're right, especially when my impostor syndrome starts acting up.
#3461 I secretly hold conservative beliefs but tell all my friends here that I'm a liberal. I don't kid myself. Politics is like a gang. Nobody knows why, you just stick with your gang right or wrong and are against the other gang right or wrong. While I'm here the liberal gang holds power.
#3462 This semester has been okay, but this one girl that I have a crush on is incredibly mean to me and makes me feel suicidal. I feel disgusted with myself that I am more fucked up because of this one person rather than my coursework.
#3463 For a lot of time at MIT I have lived under the pressure so as not to say anything racist. The statements, which in my opinion, are objective facts about features and behavior types of certain racial groups, seem to be considered racist in the US. Like, admitting the fact that the volume of noise of Chocolate House people is intimidating to me as a person from a quieter culture is a racist statement. Admitting the fact that racial proportion at MIT is an outcome of a fair competition based on SAT scores and other objective criteria and hence concluding that certain groups should just merely study harder is racist. Admitting the fact that yes, walking home too late at night (2am), I feel more scared about one racial group representative compared to another, just based on MIT criminal bulletin announcements racial stats is racist. 
WTF? 

I come from a country with multiple ethnicities with significant differences between each other. Acknowledgment these differences publicly in the form statements above and jokes is OK, since people there seem to have objectivity sense and sense of humor. This calm attitude seems to be based on the fact that no ethnic group feels endangered and hence takes these statements/jokes seriously. Wonder why here there is so much reaction here.
#3464 Is there a libertarian/conservative/republican club on campus that's still alive?  The 2 or 3 I've sent emails to have never replied. :/
#3465 When your major apparently can't afford individual tutors but the Institvte has enough money to kill the Kresge grass, dig it up, block it off, roll it out and kill it again...every...other...week. When the grass is new again, I walk on it out of hatred. #I'llStopWalkingOnTheGrassIfYouGetMeATutor
#3466 I really loved my living group when I first got to MIT, but this year I feel really disconnected with the people here. I'm the type of person who likes to hang out at home, so it's been really lonely for me. I want to switch dorms but feel as though it may be too late to make friends in a new place (I'm a Sophomore). How welcoming do you think your dorm or living group would be to a new person like me? Would you recommend moving there? I'm really just looking for a welcoming place where the residents like to spend time together. Thanks! :)
#3467 I really want to go to parties and sleep with people, but I have no idea how people hear about parties. Are there mailing lists I can add myself to or something?
#3468 I bet I can get this post approved through Jedi mind tricks.
#3469 TURN TF UP FOR BOOS CRUISE MOTHERFUCKERS! Come find me, I'll be the shitfaced one
#3470 I miss my ex-boyfriend so much I'm just waiting for him to want to be with me again.
#3471 To all the the people struggling with depression, no one understands you. no one cares. people will say that they do, but it's all talk. at the end of the day, you're alone and it's all up to you.
#3472 every time i tell people about how i haven't gone to any of my classes or haven't left my room in days they laugh, "ohhhh classic [my name here]" etc. but like jfc is it not painfully obvious what a mess I am?? Is it wrong to want people to reach out just a little?? i feel like i'm drowning...
#3473 I've never known the Athena cluster code.

I'm a senior.
#3474 I have been looking forward to Boo's cruise since I was a freshman. Now I have a ticket and tomorrow will proceed to get the most shitfaced I have ever been in my entire life. #startedfromthebottom #nowwedrunk
#3475 I was masturbating thinking about a past fuck buddy, and I accidentally moaned my current bf's name. High five subconscious me.
#3476 There are two seasons at MIT: Winter and gigantic white tents keeping the grass nice and dead on the Kresge lawn.
#3477 My professors just moved back the deadline for the pset by a few days and I actually cried a little when I saw the Piazza post.  I get to sleep between now and the due date.  The worst part is, part of me wishes they hadn't so I could have a good reason to spend the next two days deep in a haze of stress and work.  I feel so goddamn alive when my bones are vibrating with caffeine and it seems like all that's standing between me and believing I'm good enough to be here is this one pset or test.
#3478 I tell all my friends that I'm thirsty af but all I really want is some post-coitus consensual cuddling for the sole purpose of coziness.
#3479 I used to help out at my old high school district board meetings for credit, and it brought up something interesting regarding school discipline. A lot of people are rightly worried about police officers in school with children. The reason so many schools do it is that lawsuit threats make it very difficult for them to enforce discipline. Any wrong gesture or accidental mark left while physically dragging a disruptive student away could lead to criminal charges for the teacher and the school. Police officers are trained how to do this properly, have experience, and can do it with minimal legal threat. If you really want to get police officers out of schools support tort reform so teachers can safely grab students who are fighting or being wildly disruptive in class.
#3480 my vagina has started smelling like oatmeal and idk why
#3481 Every time the professor says "slab" in 2.005 lecture I think of the ghost of Ramses showing up in lecture and asking him to return the slab.
#3482 I'm always falling asleep in classes and when I'm working on psets, but I can't fall asleep when I actually want to sleep.
#3483 After being at MiT for a couple of years I've had a lot experiences that have redefined my self-identity as an academic and a person. We've all struggled here-okay *most* of us for one reason or another. We've all questioned ourselves and the Institute for what it *claims* to offer.

For me personally, I've constantly struggled here. My freshman year I chalked it up to not having a strong technical background. I didn't take AP Chem or higher level biology and those were the classes I got my fifth week flags in. As I was getting adjusted to just how rigorous (read: how absolutely fucking ridiculous) MiT work can be, sophomore year came. Once again I was flogged by work. Now in my major I chalked up to never seeing the material before, but sophomore year I realized, just like most people realize sophomore year, that something is up. MIT
may be ranked one of the greatest schools in the world but you wouldn't be able to tell that by the quality of the teaching. 

See, every homework assignment I've EVER gotten at MiT. I've had to google, I had to Wikipedia, I had to Internet. Every assignment required me to learn what ought to have been taught in class. The problems were never really elucidated by lecture. They just show where the hole is, and the homework throws you in. 
After a few years here I've gotten tired of it. When I see professors say "you'll learn through the Pset" I realize that's often a poor guise to cover their poor teaching. And as much as people may learn from really hard problems only loosely connected to the lecture, I don't. Relying on excessively hard problems to most of the value to your education is one size fits all solutions that fails to take into account people's differing learning styles or the fulfillment of the undergraduate experience. I learn from teachers. Not problems. Even if I did, with the constant rush to the next assignment or the next problem you don't have the time to dissect a problem for its moral of the story. Let's be honest, you  don't even have time to sleep here. 

Now say what you will about MiT needing to be "rigorous" or hard, but in reality, I've spent years here just googling. Now googling Isn't inherently a bad thing , but when I find other universities with far better notes and lectures than MiT-constantly-I have my doubts about the Institute. 
I have my doubts when I see all of us struggling to get by, when I see suicide after suicide, and realize we are some of the smartest people in the world. Yet, collectively we struggle here. Yes, we came here for a challenge and yes struggling is a great way to grow, but clearly the struggle here is an order of magnitude off.

Great researchers don't always make for great teachers. And yes, the idea of having the best in the world teach you sounds great...but I realize being taught by the best *teachers* in the world would be a helluva lot better.

I'm just writing this because I feel others can relate and this sentiment should be voiced

~Holla
#3484 I don't understand people who keep saying that they hate MIT and still stay here. Why don't you transfer to a better school where you will feel comfortable and where you think you will feel welcomed? If you are staying, that means there is something about this school that makes you want to stay. So STOP COMPLAINING.
#3485 I am honestly scared of the sandman coming into my room and pouring sand down my throat.
#3486 Serious question about CatDog: Does Cat fart, or is it really just Dog burping?
#3487 I wish my fuck buddy was less busy. I'm down for nearly every night.
#3488 I wish I was my computer so I could recharge easily and be on sleep mode a decent number of hours per day.
#3489 When I listen to "Bad Blood" I can't help but think about my relationship with MIT.
#3490 Everyone here is so obsessed with talking people out of suicide. 
A) we aren't psychologists. 
B) is suicide inherently wrong/bad? 
The desire to stop people from committing suicide comes from a self-serving desire to avoid the guilt and discomfort of someone you know being unhappy. Some people will argue "I don't even know them!", but tell the truth. If they hadn't explicitly said they were contemplating, you wouldn't have tried to talk them out of it. Suicide is death. It's not bad or good. It's a choice that is made by people who don't have anything they think is worth living for. Why stop them? Why force them to be uncomfortable just so you're not?
#3491 I've heard some people complain that the education here isn't much better then state schools and that this is a waste. I say hold on, you are not looking at the big picture. First it's the name. When an employer sees this name, you automatically get a leg up for a job over the guy who went to University of partying and easy sex state school. Second is all the best employers come here looking for grads, so you get the best of the best. Finally, it's the perception. People automatically assume you are the smartest by just getting in here regardless of your actual ability.
#3492 Witnessed the 2019 Class President use the bathroom and not wash his hands after #peegate2015
#3493 Can we start a petition to ban tents on Kresge?  It's one of the last open spaces left on campus and I feel like there's never more than 3 days in a row that it's not completely covered or being worked on, not to mention how many times they have to replace the grass every year.
#3494 isawyou.mit.edu is a lie. I write nearly 90% of those posts. Granted, they are all actual sightings, it's just all from one bi person ;)
#3495 i'm better off than a lot of people, but I'm still a dumb fuck that's toeing the line of insanity.
There's a building of hysteria in me and any moment now I'm going to be reduced to a deflated mannequin that can't do anything but watch stare at the ceiling.
Fuck you MIT. But I still love you.
#3496 MIT's got me so busy I don't even have time to shit anymore
#3497 MIT Mental Health would be so much more accessible if they didn't require you to call them not just once, but twice before getting an actual appointment. I thought they were supposed to be there to help with my anxiety problems, not add to them.
#3498 To this day, the coolest 'wearable' remains to be my underwear.
#3499 I'm so socially awkward that, instead of fantasizing about fucking my crush, I fantasize about effortlessly striking up a conversation with her.
#3500 That John Cena confession might have been the last solid post on here.
#3501 A lot of people here were their high school's valedictorian and now they come to a place like MIT and realize that they are no longer the best - they may be below average or maybe even average.  And this makes them feel awful but their friends tell them "you are below average at a top university - you are still above average in a grand sense."  I also see this ALL the time in comments on this page.

While this *may* be true (I don't 100% believe that, after all STEM !> humanities), it just seems to be a super weird thing to say.  Why is your "confidence" based on being better than other people?  Sometimes it is super annoying to work with another MIT student at a company because they often look their noses down at kids from other colleges and they refuse to learn from them.  Like stop.  Stop getting your self worth from being better than other people.  Sometimes you aren't the best.  And that's okay.

I have an older sister who is a freaking prodigy so I had to learn this lesson super young.  I would sometimes say, "she is really, really smart - she gets things faster than me."  And my friends and parents would be so concerned about my self-esteem when I said that.  I later had to explain to them that just because I knew I wasn't better at her at school or at music than her didn't mean I wasn't confident in myself.  A lot of people at my high school didn't see it that way.  They thought the way a lot of you guys think - they got their self-worth from being the best.  And they saw her as a threat.  They told her everyday that she was stupid and basically bullied her.  My sister to this day doesn't realize how smart she is, how she has the freaking Midas Touch all because a few self-conscious people couldn't stand the thought of not being the best.

So how do I get my confidence?  From the knowledge that everyday I am here, I get better than I was yesterday and I test *my* limits.  And my only competition is myself.
#3502 Just like to say that arguments supporting #2230 are at least logically consistent, whereas I doubt everyone else that's against him is. I'm not a sociopathic asshole, I still care about people.

https://i.warosu.org/data/lit/img/0045/99/1393213209919.png

In this instance, the train by default goes straight. Changing the track makes him responsible for the single death, and therefore a murderer. Is he responsible for the five deaths if he does nothing? If yes, then he is responsible for all deaths you could prevent but do nothing about. If not, he has no obligation to pull it.

I think most here would say you should pull the lever. However, if you aren't trying to save as many lives as you can every second of every day when you have the possibility to save them, then you are in some sense responsible for all of those lives. Ignorance of how you can save someone is not an excuse, since you can always use time when you can't save someone to gather more information so that you can.

I'm on the side where I think we should try to save as many people as possible. I also know that I'm not doing as much as I can to save people. Doing this burdens me with extreme guilt, because I recognize that I'm responsible for a large number of deaths. I completely understand and respect why someone wouldn't want to deal with the guilt of blood on their hands.

Thread for those interested:
https://warosu.org/lit/thread/6026166
#3503 Can't find a good place to get mujadarah around here. Anybody know a good place to get my fix without breaking my heart, or the bank?
#3504 How is 6.005 a 12 unit class
#3505 I feel that MIT has made me less excited about learning. I'm just so stressed all the time trying to get all of my assignments finished that I have no time to actually enjoy what I'm doing or think about the wonder and the amazing implications of these topics. I feel like maybe I could learn more if I were somewhere else that actually valued me as a person and learner.
#3506 Course 6 gives ~*~zero fucks~*~ about its students. Someone told me they've yet to meet a single professor that demonstrated they really cared. I certainly haven't. Maybe its because all the class sizes are so big; I dunno, but someone needs to do something about it, because this is ridiculous y'all.
#3507 It finally dawned on me that I have truly found paradise in that my fellow students are fantastic friends but that everything else MIT has put me through has made me hate hate hate this fucking place
#3508 Once upon a pset, I was poring over my own graphite scrawl to find the error, which despite my endless labors had persisted somewhere between the top of page two and the middle of page five, the error, taunting, cackling at my ineptitude, scarecely able to stifle its schadenfreude, tucked away in some subscript, obscure yet plainly there, somewhere, faintly snickering, somewhere, somewhere, when abruptly and quietly nature cast a solitary ray of light, when nature, ever cruelly indifferent to misery and mirth, deigned to arrange a trifling gust to separate two tree leaves outside my window for long enough that a sunbeam could briefly alight on the errant minus sign, as if bidding me to shuffle the symbols once again, bidding me to straighten my wayward rows of curlicues, bidding me to understand the laws they so feebly stood for, those laws by which that selfsame sunbeam made its journey to this lonely earth and my meek desk, bidding me to feel and know the laws unceasingly unfolding, for just a fleeting moment.
#3509 Having been here for a while, I feel as though MIT can be a pretty isolating place. Whether this manifests itself in the form of a small unchanging friend group or spending most hours alone, it seems fairly easy to fall out of touch with the MIT community at large. Maybe I'm out on a limb here, but it seems as though it's mostly through online avenues, like MIT confessions, and at the few class-wide events that some people, like me, are reminded of the fact that 4000+ other undergrads are going through the same experience, with its mix of highs and lows. A decent number of high schools where I am from used to have weekly assemblies of the student body. At the time, I took these for granted but in hindsight, it was nice and almost therapeutic to have a chance to talk to people whom I otherwise wouldn't have had an excuse to interact with. While it's college and I'm guessing people don't want to have "assemblies", it would be nice if there were more campus-wide events. Maybe a free food event in Lobby 10 every month open to all undergraduates? Maybe other people feel similarly and have better suggestions. I recognize that confessions is probably not the best place to propose something like this... yeah, sorry about that.
#3510 The clerk at Verdes saw me putting coffee creamer into my milkshake and gave me a dirty look
#3511 I've probably met 100s of ppl here now and am still yet to meet even one who isn't amazing in some way. And yet for a place with the most amazing people I've ever met, this place does a helluva impressive job of making literally everyone feel the exact opposite way. Here's why, and this next part is going to sound rough, but I hope you read on beyond for my explanation: The fact is that I do consider some people to be more amazing than others, I mean that's only natural. That doesn't change the fact that everyone I've met here is amazing, but simply reflects the fact that we all have our own ideas of amazing. For example, the most amazing person that I know based on my standards of amazing is someone who always seems insecure/scared/inadequate for not having the best scores/stats/accomplishments but never fails to check in on a friend, which is a trait which I consider important enough to make them my most amazing. Similarly I've heard ppl consider someone who's gotten '200 top company job offers' (Clarification: That's intentional exaggeration) to be the most amazing. The point is that we are all so amazing that I guarantee that someone out there considers us to be their most amazing friend/acquaintance. Yet we are also so competitive, hell, we needed to be to get here, that we drown out that voice that considers us amazing and hear all the voices that consider us well, at worst, less amazing. Remember this quote:

"You are the most amazing person I've ever had the privilege of meeting" -Someone, perhaps your best friend, your significant other, or someone you'll meet in the future, but I have no doubt someone has or will think this about you, and listen to them cause they're the ones who are actually right. I mean they're calling you the best person out of 7.1 billion people, which means you're pretty fucking amazing.
#3512 6.01 is actually whipping my ass this semester.
#3513 I seriously don't understand septum piercings. When you have a cold doesn't it get all buggery? Who would want that?
#3514 Now MIT Confessions is basically about two things: people getting horny, and political flame wars.
#3515 I really, really hate it when the midterm is not during class time. Not only do i have to spend extra time studying for it, I also have to spend extra time taking the test...
#3516 Man, rap today fucking sucks bad, I don't give a fuck what anybody says. These fools ain't spitting no type of dope shit, but that's not even the bad part; they're not even saying words anymore. They just got a hard-ass fucking beat to trick dumb asses like you to make you think you like the shit. Play that fuckin' beat. We got some real fucking mentally retarded rappers in the game. I know for a fact nobody knows what the fuck these dudes be saying!
#3517 MIT Confessions are fun.
#3518 4 years and I finally got my first problem wrong. I now know what sadness feels like. Fuck this place. IHTFP.
#3519 I MISSED ONE OF MY 18.01 LECTURES HOW CAN I MAKE IT UP?!?!?!?!?!
#3520 I was arguing with some pro war jerk the other day and he threw this at me like a trump card. So I want to end the taboo on this argument. I do not care what happens to the people of Iraq, Syria, or Afghanistan. If I turn on the news tomorrow and find out that ISIS and the Taliban have taken over and are committing genocide and mass rape against the people at high noon for the world to see I will shrug, sip my coffee, and the change the channel. This is not my problem. I just don't want any more Americans getting hurt or more tax dollars being spent.
#3521 The other day I had an unwanted boner. To get rid of it I tried distracting myself by deriving the quadratic formula in my head. The boner intensified.
#3522 *stretches and moans when my crush is near me so he gets a taste of the sexual noise i make when im being fucked*
#3523 Trump 2016. Dead serious. If you're not on board, you're way too narrow-minded. Best chance for our country right now.
#3524 MIT Confessions is not anonymous.
#3525 I fucking hate parent's weekend. Everyone has to put up a facade again to pretend they're still the precious little angel that left to college.  And parents expect you to drop everything to sped time with them.  I'm sorry im not sorry that my project and test take up time.  I can't really control my deadlines anymore than you can control my sexuality
#3526 Political retard here – when I hear the name Bernie Sanders, I picture Bernie Mac (RIP) enjoying a bucket of Colonel Sanders' KFC
#3527 I feel like this whole confessions page is one giant horrible experiment from the sociology department here to see who and how evil they can get them to behave.
#3528 I've never met a nice person from west campus. Everyone is so much more real at EC, I'd never even consider changing dorms.
#3529 What the fuck did you just fucking say about atheism, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class at MIT, and I've been involved in numerous scientific breakthroughs, and I have over 300 confirmed publications. I am trained in physics and I'm the top astronomer in the entire US scientific community. You are nothing to me but just another liberal arts major. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of professors across the USA and your GPA is being reduced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can debate you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my mind. Not only am I extensively trained in particle physics, but I have access to the entire arsenal of JSTOR and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
#3530 I <3 MIT
#3531 Yo props to the page admin for updating so often now.  I can't be the only one here thinking this, but it makes me happy seeing the confessions pop up often.

Keep up the good work!
#3532 MIT confessions makes me lose faith in MIT students
#3533 Sometimes when I hear college ads on Spotify I laugh a little bit to myself.
#3534 Does anyone actually benefit from TEAL style 6.042?
#3535 Instead of feeling depressed from all of the stresses and loneliness of MIT, I find myself filled with unquenchable hatred for mankind.
#3536 My roommate folds my laundry and makes my bed.
#3537 I didn't cry when I watched Titanic or The Fault in Our Stars, but I cry all the time here.
#3538 6.170, high school called and it wants its busywork back >.>
#3539 All the 2.009 TA's are so damn pretty!
#3540 2 years ago, I could survive just fine on 5 hours of sleep. But now I'm falling asleep in all of my classes even when I get 8 hours.
#3541 I think posting (usually ill-informed and unilateral) political opinions on MIT confessions is stupid.
#3542 I'm so attracted to the guys I see at the z. I think there should be a mixer for people who work out there, I really want to get to know these hot people but don't know how. That actually applies generally: how do I get to know attractive guys I see around campus??
#3543 I've started bringing lube to tests. It just makes the whole experience easier.
#3544 I thought when I came to MIT everyone would be smart and would therefore understand and discredit  the "keep spending and it'll get better" liberal philosophy. Boy was I wrong. Instead almost everyone I meet is an über liberal. Scary...

People don't seem to value hard work anymore. They either believe that working hard should lead to unconditional success, or they believe that one shouldn't have to work hard to get a fair lot in life. This page is a great example. Everyone is whining about work and stress and homework and problem sets and classes that no one is forcing you to attend. Go get a job at the 7/11 down the street if you think it sucks so much.

You don't deserve anything intrinsically, except maybe the right to exist.
#3545 I once had a dream where I was sitting in a forest with a girl I was interested in. A werewolf approached us and I knew that if we didn't run away we'd be killed. This girl reached into my pants and started giving me a handjob. At that moment I had to make a decision: tell her to stop so we could escape, or let her continue and face death. I chose the latter. However, after death I was revived to moments before the werewolf attacked us facing the exact same decision. Every time I died I was revived and had to make the same decision over and over again. I forever chose the handjob over survival until I finally woke up.
#3546 Since I came to MIT, I started realizing how shallow and simple minded my high-school boyfriend was. I am not sure whether I am arrogant for thinking that, or just mediocre for settling down for someone like him in the first place.
#3547 I've never loved my big so so so much. From the very first anonymous email, I knew. I have never felt a stronger bond to another human being in my entire life. She is the being whose every step, every breath, and every glance I must dutifully worship until the day I die. When I finally speak to her, it will be as if our angelic voices make love in the space before us, and create a microverse of energy.
#3548 I just can't get it right. I feel like I try so hard to be a good student and to prove to myself that I'm smart and capable, but it's so hard to convince myself when I fail almost every test I take. I've come to like myself in most other ways, but I lack confidence in my own intelligence and it's really affecting my overall well-being. I feel like as a junior I should have these things under control by now, but I don't and I don't know how.
#3549 I hate walking out of exams knowing that I failed and hear people talking about how easy it was.
#3550 Oh baby, do me like one of your PSETs. Long and hard and all night long, and then crying because you didn't finish.
#3551 For me, it stands for "I Have Tampons For Periods"
#3552 I am a senior with no clue as to why some emails contain "*insert color* for bc-talk" and at this point I am too afraid to ask.
#3553 I want to take a moment to defend Sanders from some of the haters here. They keep asking, how can we pay for the all the infrastructure spending without raising middle class taxes? Fair question, it doesn't mean Sanders hasn't thought it through. It's simple, we borrow more money. The U.S government is not a business, we have no borrowing limits. And the best part is, since we are the superpower of the world, we can borrow from other nations non stop and if we can't make the payments, we just tell them to take a hike and default. They can't come seize our assets or do anything, they just have to take a loss. That's their problem, not ours. Then we just borrow more at a higher interest rate and more to pay the higher interest, wash, rinse, repeat.
#3554 I ended up as an odd third wheel in an Obamacare debate the other day. One guy said we should repeal it, the other said it's fine. What neither said pointed out was that both their ideas suck. What I think we ought to do as a nation is address the fundamental causes of sky high health care prices which no plan addresses. For example, you cannot import drugs from other countries. You can get them so cheaply elsewhere, but it's illegal to get them here. Another problem is buying insurance. You can't buy across state lines. So each state insurer gets their own monopoly and doesn't have to compete. Democrats say the old system was capitalism out of control, Republicans say the new system is socialism out of control. It's crony-ism out of control. If we address these fundamental flaws, insurance will be irrelevant.
#3555 In desperate need of a Time Turner. Hermione, could I borrow yours?
#3556 I have immense respect for the ROTC kids here.
#3557 I feel like everyone around me is having (a lot of) sex but me....
#3558 I have the biggest crush on this course 2 sophomore in my 18.03 class.
#3559 Stuck in limbo with how I feel about this girl. I had a class with her last year and I can't tell if I just think she's hot or if I like her more than that. She's a year older than me and we are somewhat friends and I'm so confused as to what to do.
#3560 I have to confess that it pisses me off when a high school parent emails me, asking me how his son should answer "Why are you interested in MIT?" question. I can't tell you why your son is interested! smh
#3561 Sometimes I cry over emotional Facebook videos.
#3562 I get high on caffeine and trap music.
#3563 Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
#3564 i'm afraid of canadian people
#3565 I thought I was a happy and optimistic person, but during the past few weeks I've been rejected by many companies, bombed several tests, and gotten ignored by people. I feel like nothing good has happened to me lately. I'm really scared that if my bad luck continues, I'll end up doing something I regret, like self-harm or worse.
#3566 I have some friends that are fucking smart. You think I'm just being a typical MIT student. No. I'm talking about International Olympiad Medalist smart. They breeze through all the classes I struggle in and then brush it off like its nothing. They are all so wonderful and amazing, but they give me a complex like none other. I can only dream of being as smart as them but I feel like I've hit this barrier. What I get done in 5 hours, they get done in 1. And yeah you can say all the bullshit about how it doesn't matter how accomplished or smart you are and how no one really cares after MIT, but I can't help but compare, especially as it is right there in my face. I know that any success or failure is my own fault and being bitter about how fucking dumb I am is immature, but I can't help it. Sometimes after staying up late to finish a pset they've already finished 4 hours earlier, I just feel so disgusted with myself. And I know that there's all these study techniques and all these resources available, but really, how much does that help? And I am getting help from my friends, but I just ask them so many questions I'm just frustrated with how dumb I am, regardless of whether or not my friends care. They don't, they're so willing to help it makes me even more angry with how incompetent I am. I'm just a burden, and I don't know what to do with my life, and fuck I'm just a huge fuck-up. Do I even have friends or are they just being nice to me?
#3567 i've figured it out. the tech shuttle runs on MIT time.
#3568 I googled 'most suicidal college' and MIT was 3 of the top 10 results.
#3569 18.01A.. missed one pset and grades on other pset are just 75% ish..and above average on mid term. pretty confident to get above 80% on final..can someone tell if i would pass ?
#3570 I hate when people think the November rule is a real thing and actually call people out for it; we're all adults here I feel like we can make decisions
#3571 I'm not sure if global warming is man made or a natural cycle or both. And it really bothers me. The more I read into the research, the less clear it becomes.
#3572 To the guy picking his nose in the Reading Room of the Stud... I see you #nasty #donteatitpls
#3573 The one time I want to break the November rule for someone, a person beats me to it.
#3574 MIT Confessions #2048, anyone?

https://gabrielecirulli.github.io/2048/
#3575 Just met a guy. Omg he was so fit. Handsome even. Never will I meet a guy like him again. Caring. Emotional. Nice. And his name was the first letter of each sentence.
#3576 All my friends think I'm a standard straight guy, but I have a secret.

Little do they know I have a comically large horse dildo that's over a foot long and 2 1/2 inches wide.  It looks fucking awesome and sometimes I prop it up and look/laugh/admire it while I work on PSets.

Wish there was someone I knew who could appreciate this magnificent piece of art.
#3577 I'm a senior who's recently moved into a new dorm and all of my new friends here are strongly encouraging me to dye my hair (like, pink and green kind of dye), but I don't really know if it's a good idea. I have a bunch of job interviews coming up, and I'm worried that if I dye my hair like that it could hurt my chances. I've asked around here but I think the people in my dorm might be biased. Is it seen as less professional/could it hurt my chances if I had my hair dyed say, bright pink and green?
#3578 Seeking: 
A non-committed, non-platonic, but also non-romantic "thing" for the remainder of the semester.

Terms of the relationship:
-We meet every other week for cuddling and Netflix watching
-We meet every other week for Netflix and not cuddling
-We don't have to talk, but we do have to like the same shows on Netflix (or other streaming service, I also have HBOGo)

#thestruggleisreal
#3579 Please like this post if you fuck around on the internet instead of doing any one of the psets or papers you have to write. I can't be the only one that instantly loses all motivation to work as soon as I'm behind the keyboard...
#3580 I'm currently crying over a B- on a midterm. It IS a big deal, at least to me.
#3581 We hooked up a while ago so it's awkward, but I really want to be friends. How do I let him know?
#3582 I wish we had a petting zoo on campus. With an endless supply of pups...
#3583 I'm the most American person in my 7-person UROP team... I'm not American. #MIT
#3584 My best days were in high school.
#3585 When more than half the questions on Piazza are about quirks of the submission website, rather than the pset itself, you might want to rethink your submission website.

...looking at you, 6.006.
#3586 I'm at a point in my life where I really want to (not need to) be in a relationship. I know we're all smart here at MIT, but I want to find the deep-smart guys. Where are they?
#3587 I'm attracted to guys who are socially awkward. Don't know why, but I find them so adorable.
#3588 Why would anyone ever want to drink from a firehose? Seriously, if you're thirsty and a drinking fountain isn't enough, you need a water bottle or like, a gallon of water, and you can take it at your own pace! Or a regular hose! Getting blasted by a firehose sucks and is bad for you, and the big reward at the end is that you can get a job where they regularly blast you with a firehose. I don't get it; doesn't anyone here just want a pleasant life?
#3589 I feel really lonely. I have met a lot of people over the years but I feel like none of them are my friends. People here a very sociable and all, but I do not feel like I developed any long-lasting relationships with people I can really rely on. Does anyone else feel the same?
#3590 Is there a way to recycle The Tech? I don't know what to do when I finish reading it. :(
#3591 I'm so done with school. Why do I have to be here when everything I want is elsewhere...
#3592 Baking!
#3593 
sxrtfk,l;[
\zsa

my cat typed this confession
#3594 I honestly have no idea what's going on in any of my classes right now, and I feel so helpless with catching up because it just feels so impossible. How did I even get in this school
#3595 I am a sophomore at MIT now. People told me all last year it takes about a year to integrate and get friends and all that, but it's been a year and a half for me and I'm still friendless. I see everyone else walking in to class in groups laughing and talking while I just sit there alone like the loner I am. I just don't know how to make friends, and I honestly need some. I don't think I can continue on like this much longer
#3596 My butthole will never be the same after that 6.172 test...
#3597 Borodin is an amazing professor...best math class ever
#3598 Do people in Senior House actually have sex with cats?
#3599 Everytime a girl does the splits in my dance practice I get an erection
#3600 Last semester I had crippling depression and anxiety. I cried anytime I was in class, and I cried at night on the days I did skip class. I almost cut myself a few times, but in one of my saner moments I gave my knife away. I talked to a few of my friends about it, but I feel so bad for all my other friends that I lied to. All of the "stomachaches" and "colds" I made up when they ask me if I had gone to class. I want to tell them so badly, to apologize; but I just can't. I'm so afraid of what they would think of me, eve though I know what what they would say, that it wasn't my fault and they don't blame me. I do though, I blame myself. I'm guilty.
#3601 you know you are sleep deprived when you start using your clicker as a calculator
#3602 I judge all the stupid bros at the Z that make everyone aware of how strong they are by dropping their weights. You don't see me tipping over treadmills to let you know how many miles I ran. /rant
#3603 I see so many people that look super tired all of the time with dark circles under their eyes and it's so sad :/
#3604 When you have more than 80% of the question right and still get less than 30% of the score. Fuck those graders.
#3605 I want to take every philosophy course offered at MIT without having to write a single paper.
#3606 Caitlyn Jenner is not a hero.
#3607 I have sexual fantasies about Dourmashkin
#3608 omg Riker Bixby is so cute!!!!!!
#3609 Sometimes when I feel like my life is spiraling out of control and I'm going to fail everything at my second-tier school on long island, I hop onto the MIT Confessions page and realize my life isn't that bad. For people who the rest of the planet perceive to have their future "set", I have hardly seen a more miserable bunch. Every issue that is common to all college students appear intensified a thousand times in the experience of the MIT student, and it seems that because all are so preoccupied with their work, few have any disposition to provide one another with the time required to support each other's mental health; time that comes naturally to university environments with a weaker work ethic. As a mediocre student  at a mediocre university, I hope you all do well and live happy lives. Don't let the pressure you put on yourself do you in.
#3610 Timing is everything, damnit
#3611 I hate when I go to a party and get asked, ""What school are you from?""

Seriously? I'm a junior and I'm wearing a brass rat."
#3612 I have tally marks on my wall for days I've seriously considered suicide. If someone asks about it, I say I forgot what its for. The frequency has gone done since coming here.
#3613 We lock eyes in 9.75. I want you. Boo's cruise 2015
#3614 My grades are too high. I feel like I'm wasting P/NR.
#3615 If I had the power, I'd ban any assignments from being due Friday at 5pm through Monday at 9am. I'd also ban anything being due between 12 am and 9 am. At least then we'd all be able to pretend we have lives outside of MIT.
#3616 who says that you're from MIT and you don't need to worry about getting a job at all...biggest lie ever...
#3617 Maybe I'm way off on this, but am I the only one who thinks it's totally insane that the vast majority of exams here are closed book? I've yet to be able to think of a time where one would ever have to do anything without being able to consult notes, textbooks, etc. outside of the completely fabricated situation that is a closed book exam. I guess you wouldn't be able to look at your notes if you were stranded on a desert island or something, but I can't imagine that that's what we're being prepared for. Why do I have to waste so much time making sure I remember formulas, definitions, etc. out of fear that forgetting one small thing could leave me unable to do an entire problem when in real life I'd be able to just quickly look up anything I couldn't remember at the moment and continue on? The only argument I can see against open book exams is that students may just show up for the exams without learning the material, but I'd argue that if you can essentially teach yourself a subject and complete a 50 minute exam in 50 minutes and get a good grade then you deserve it.
#3618 PSA: For those that are frustrated by the busy human highway that is the infinite corridor, fear not. There exists a parallel universe: a one where an identical infinite corridor is bestowed upon mankind; namely, in the basement and second and third levels. The wormholes to these multiverses are located conveniently on the two ends and along the entire corridor length. Use liberally to fast forward the unpleasant jungle of human beings on level one during rush hour.
#3619 What I've learned is that when two people are fighting, the one who cries first, the loudest, and the most is always perceived as the victim. 

So before you take sides in someone else's business, get to know both sides.
#3620 I feel like a memo was sent out to all MIT professors telling them to call their exams "quizzes" in order to reduce stress. You're not fooling anybody, MIT.
#3621 That other guy vouching against gun control makes us all look bad.  I don't want to hurt anyone, I don't want more mass shootings, I'm fine with more stringent background checks, waiting periods, etc. (The NICS system needs an overhaul/replacement) and most of the people I've talked to in the gun-owning community feels the same way.

Nobody wants more deaths, truly.  We just want to fix this problem and no two people can agree on how it should be done.  I look to Switzerland as an example.  They have lots of guns but a nice low crime rate, because they're doing it right.  The U.S. has some serious problems in comparison.

In the meantime, I just want to secure my right to shoot at pieces of paper in an indoor environment with my expensive toy.  I don't want to hurt anyone.  If I have to go through a week-long waiting period or a more stringent background check, take government-mandated classes, etc. to prevent some shootings?  Totally, I'd have no issues with that.
#3622 I love having a sink in my room. I don't have to use tissues to masturbate anymore
#3623 Coming from an Asian, people telling me they have yellow fever is a HUGE turn off....
#3624 i realized that i needed glasses when i couldn't focus my microscope in lab
#3625 Since I've been here I've felt a bit of culture shock here and there. But not with what I expected. I grew up in a poor family. My dad finished high-school and never went to college, my mom didn't even finish high-school. They had to work 12+ hour shifts 6 or 7 days a week at dead end jobs to support us. I escaped reality by throwing myself into academics and got here as a result. My friends here have been supportive of me but there have been times where we had to deal with different sets of thinking. For example, both my parents smoke, my older brothers also smoke, and they all smoke in the house we live in. When I casually mentioned to my friends that they wouldn't like my house since it smells of heavy tobacco they flipped out and asked how any parent could subject their child to it and told me that I was an "abuse victim". It took a very long, patient, explanation and I want to share it because I feel that a lot of the middle class and rich students here do not get it, quite frankly. Most poor people smoke and are now the majority of smokers. One big reason is poor people don't get weekends, or vacations to a beach house, or yacht club. For many of them, a cigarette is the only break they get. And some people say, well what about 20 - 40 years from now? When you are barely scrapping enough money to pay rent and put food on the table today, 20 years from now is as far from  your mind as it can be. And about smoking in front of me, first of all, second hand smoke isn't nearly as dangerous as smoking itself, and if you read the studies, (I have quite thoroughly.) they admit you have to be around it in an extremely concentrated manner for decades to have any tangible effect. What I had, a few family members who would have a couple smokes after dinner at the table, does not nearly qualify. Also, my parents were both raised by chain smoking parents themselves, so this to them is very normal. What I ask my fellow students is to please stop rushing to judge poor people for not following middle class and wealthy people in lock step, money makes a massive difference. And please don't call me an "abuse victim". To compare people smoking cigarettes in front of you to a parent physically harming their child is insulting to people who have had to deal with it.
#3626 I want an app that tells me where all the bathrooms at MIT are.
#3627 Sometimes I have loopy dreams about space and they are still better than Interstellar.
#3628 It's truly incredible how many people will not thank or even acknowledge you for holding the door open. This just makes me sad.
#3629 Masturbating helps me concentrate on p-sets
#3630 My friends think I'm completely innocent and never even kissed a guy, but I've hooked up with three different guys in the past 3 months. That doesn't seem like much, but when compared to their image of me, it's completely different.
#3631 Overheard: "When a class wants to fuck you, you're allowed to say no."
#3632 I feel assaulted and personally victimized every time my phone falls and my headphones get yanked out of my ears, but then I remember that Jesus got through a lot of tough shit, too.
#3633 MIT has made me develop yellow fever...and I'm completely fine with that.
#3634 When I show my TA my work and ask what I'm doing wrong and they just answer "I don't know. You should look over it" ... I WILL BURN THIS BUILDING TO HE GROUND.
#3635 Can't they just spray some green dye on the grass every time they kill it?
#3636 There should be an MIT Medical Confessions page so we can talk about how Medical has screwed so many people over
#3637 When you realize the only thing more miserable than you right now is the Kresge lawn. Just. Why?
#3638 I am actually for standardized testing in its current form and I have a good reason. How else are we supposed to know how the kids from various districts are doing against one another without them? Teachers have every reason to game their own grades to make their own students look good. Giving every kid the exact same test and time limit is the only way we will actually know how the kids are doing. I hear people complain, "oh teachers will have to teach to the test, we are not teaching critical thinking". Yes we are. Life is about passing tests, we all passed tests to get in here, you have to pass tests to get a job, that's life, kids need to get that lesson. Most people don't use, and usually don't need critical thinking anyway. The real reason teachers are against it is because they don't want to face the music and have to take the chance that they might be exposed as incompetent and get fired. Also, nobody admits this, but they could actually turn down the standardized tests legally. All they have to do is turn down federal funding. But they won't do that, they like getting 165 days of paid vacation a year, fat pensions, fat insurance plans, and for the top ones, 6 figure salaries, more then their own school freedom.
#3639 Career fair is the best way to convince freshmen to major in EECS
#3640 When I got here as a freshman I had no social skills whatsoever. My parents pretty much locked me up with videos games a kid. Their reasoning was if I was around other kids they would get me hooked on drugs. Had my parents actually done any research on drug addiction they would have learned that social lives generally help people stay sober. So when I got here I couldn't hold a basic conversation with most people unless it was about schoolwork. I remember spending every night crying alone in the shower so my roommate wouldn't hear because I didn't know how to express myself or relate to him. Most people thought I was a lunatic or autistic, or some interesting combination of both. I slowly observed and learned how to do social skills with other people. My first two years here was a long painful series of poor interactions. I remember wanting to shout when people gave me odd looks, "I'm trying to learn how to talk to you, I'm 10 years behind and I have to catch up, can you cut me some slack?!?!" I slowly got better, made friends and even have a girlfriend now. They all actually make a point to help me be aware. So I want to let everyone else out there feeling like they can't learn to be normal with people, you can do it. It's going to hurt and be scary, but I promise with work and determination it gets better.
#3641 Everyone is getting interviews and jobs from the career fair and I didn't even get a dropbox shirt in time :(
#3642 Sometimes I see porn and think, "wow, I wish I could enjoy being with another human being that much."
#3643 Does anyone else notice how the average attractiveness of the male population at MIT skyrockets during career fair? Smart guys in suits and classy sweaters... oh my. Now I'm not saying that if cargo shorts and plain T-shirts are your thing you need to change, but guys, if you want to turn some heads, just know that putting a little effort into your outfit goes a long way.
#3644 I was reading some [census] figures and trends the other day that disturbed me. I have always been a proud atheist, and a activist for atheists. I looked at the US birth rates. Secular and atheist birthrates are the lowest, and well below sustainability. Fertility for atheist women is about 1.5 children, hardcore religious, 2.5 - 6 per woman! Meaning the next generation of atheists will be smaller. Meanwhile the hardcore religious have the highest birthrates of all. The amish, mormons, devout Catholics, evangicals, all breed like rabbits. In the last 20 years the amish population has TRIPLED from birthrates alone. Immigrants here also tend to be more religious. If this continues in a couple generations we will go from a nation making secular progress back to a religious hive on the level of a middle eastern nation. So I urge all my fellow atheists and secular members, please make a point to have more children and raise them atheists. A good number to be safe is 3 or 4 children per couple to insure atheist population growth. I'm terrified to live in a world full of religious fanatics in a couple generations.
#3645 two weeks into the semester and already feeling crushed by stress and anxiety
#3646 The raging debates about sexuality on MIT Confessions seems pretty silly to someone who's never had the opportunity or choice and is about to graduate a virgin and will likely remain a basement-dwelling permavirgin. Wizard powers, here I come!
#3647 I hate when people are so enthralled about bullshit computer security debates.  It feels like most of MIT cares more about idealism and technology than about others' day to day struggles and feelings.
#3648 You were my crutch when I needed help standing up, and when you left, you turned me into a cripple. Pathetic, right?
#3649 THE NEW STELLAR IS FREAKING CONFUSING!!!!!
#3650 Goal of the week, try this pickup line on a hot CS major. "Hey girl, you may be object oriented, but I would never override your methods."
#3651 Who here has ever been personally victimized by Regina George?
#3652 I had a friend as about my relationship. I'm in an S&M one with my gf. I play the master, she plays the slave role. He could not understand why we both liked it. Then the more I thought about it, the more I realized that although it was obvious to me, many people didn't get it. So I'll say why we like it. My gf gets stressed and for her giving up all control and being forced into pain is comforting and relaxing. Like all couples we have arguments and can get angry, for me the sadistic role is a good outlet to unleash my anger in a controlled way. Once I'm done being rough S&M with her, I'll then be very gentle, the sudden change from brutal to gentle is very relaxing for her and makes the gentle touch feel so much better.
#3653 I really want to have sex in a public place, the risk of getting caught is exciting!
#3654 The sex positive movement is fantastic, but it still has a ways to go before it accepts me and my penis. As it currently stands, nobody's heart is big enough, and nobody's mind is open enough, to accommodate the Satanic belch of a nighttime labyrinth that I have between my legs.
#3655 I fell in love with the post-doc I worked with in my UROP. No, I didn't just have a crush on him, I fell legitimately in love with this guy. He was married. He had children. Did that stop my idiot brain? NOPE. "Lucky" for me he left MIT. I have been numb for going on four months now...My life is so much better this way.
#3656 I've never watched Star Wars...and I have no interest to
#3657 Got dumped by a significant other recently, and I thought I'd still be upset. But well over a dozen people have independently come up to me to let me know what an awful personality he had and that they're glad he doesn't come to events with me anymore. I know this is an unhealthy thought, but man, what a way to heal.
#3658 To the weirdo guy who posted that he is "frightened" by what girls here do with boys. What is your problem? Why are you so cut up about it? I think it's awesome! If a girl wants to do "Caligula style acts" good for her. In fact I think I'll be joining. If a women wants to take more loads then a 25 cent washing machine that's none of your business. Why don't you worry about your own problems, like the fact that you are upset that nobody wants to give you the shocker while giving you head.
#3659 I'm so ashamed of myself but I have a huge crush on Chris Columbo. I catch glimpses of him in the Infinite sometimes and I get butterflies. Every time I hear people saying that they don't like him or that they're glad he's stepping down, I feel this mixture of anger and embarrassment. I just want this to go away. Please tell me that someone else feels like this.
#3660 I think we should rename this page MIT complaints.
#3661 Earlier I posted a confession about the level of sexual acts I have witnessed here. I want to anonymously address two comments there which addressed good points.

One asked if I felt that a womans value only came from her sexual history and willingness. The other asked why I was talking about the women and not the men involved. The reason I choose to address women is because I feel this is an issue that harms women the most. To the women here I will be completely honest with you. The harsh reality is, in our society you have very little power as a whole. Men hold most of it. Sex is one of the few areas you can say no to definitively. Power is the ability to say no. The second you give that up, you lose power. This is not going to change anytime soon. Men have sex for very different reasons then you do. Women for the most part see it as the beginning of developing an emotional bond. Men simply see it as a recreational activity. Sex may be an act of love and fun for women, but for men it's an act of power, control, recreation, and in some negative circumstances, violence. Men tend to get into relationships and marriage for regular guaranteed sex, not so much the emotional bonds that women get into relationships for.

To answer the question of the value of women, no a woman's intrinsic human value is not based on sexual history. Unfortunately for men, her value as a partner in a relationship is. And guilt tripping men trying to tell them to change millions of years of gut instinct is not going to help. What I am recommending to women is to wait for a committed relationship. You have to make your partner wait, treat you well, and value you, and work for you physically. People value scarcity. And the key to dealing with the power dynamic of sex is to get the guy to commit then get sex. That way even though you have submitted and relinquished sex, he has submitted and relinquished some of his freedom. That way even though you have given up the sexual power, he still respects you and treats you well.
#3662 I'm a freshman and I feel like I'm struggling badly in all my classes and will never catch up...Does everyone feel like this at some point...
#3663 I just want a roommate I can talk to about jerking off, lifting, and The Weeknd. Am I asking for too much?
#3664 Am I the only person who got screwed over by MIT Housing this year? Because I'm pretty homeless right now...
#3665 I had some BS happen in highschool when I applied here. Background. My dad is white and my mom is half black half white. So I'm 3/4 white and 1/4 black. I'm pale, you can tell I'm part black when I grow my hair out but I tend to keep it short and everyone who doesn't know me assumes I'm a tan white guy, and usually they guess I'm Italian. When I applied my guidance counselor who was white tried to get me to put down black as my race. I pointed out that I look white and am mostly white so white made the most sense. He persisted and made the argument that I've had a "tough time" as a "person of color" in life, so I should do it to "help ease the admissions process". I'm from a rich Jewish long island suburb I've been very fortunate. So I want to say to all white people out there who I one of, black people are not your little pity cases. Doing someone a favor for no reason other then them being black is condescending. Stop trying to be a white savior. If you really want to help black people then stop trying to tell them what race they are and that they are victims. I'm not a victim, maybe some of my ancestors were, but I'm far from it, I'll pull myself up by my own bootstraps.
#3666 As a guy I am actually frightened by how much girls seem to be willing to do sexually. Granted, I have only my own narrow spectrum. I talked to my dad about what girls are willingly to do now and he was baffled. He talked about coming here in the 60's and how back then you didn't even get into bed with most girls until you were married or you promised her marriage. The reason it concerns me is how I'm honestly not sure how a lot of guys are going to be able to have normal relationships with one woman after getting Caligula style acts from various women. I'll admit it was really hard for me to settle down with one girl now. Guys, it is honestly worth it, but you have to train yourself to enjoy it.
#3667 I used to be the epitome of a wigger. Rich white boy with the stupid outfits, fake accent, and slang. Looking back the reason I did it was because I thought it was cool and made me a man. Then I learned the first rule of being cool, you can't be cool if you are trying to be cool.
#3668 I don't find Tom Brady sexy.
#3669 Who the fuck is this Francois Jabbour kid?
#3670 I want serious advice, who do I talked to? This weekend has just been too much for me. I do not mean school work wise, but rather having lost two good friendships I dearly loved. Medical?
#3671 MIT financial aid is stupid with respect of international students, and they false advertise themselves to be need based. When converting the earnings of the student family from foreign currency to dollars, they use the exchange rate that was most favorable to MIT in the whole previous year. So if the currency of your country devalued during the year and your family can't pay anymore, they will instruct you to take a gap year, instead of updating your financial aid based on your decrease of income.
#3672 Why is November so terribly far away? I'm quite parched.
#3673 How to piss off four fandoms with one sentence:

"Yer a Jedi, Frodo." -Spock
#3674 Psh fuck the November rule
#3675 Classes haven't even started yet and I'm already falling for a freshman. Too bad I'm convinced she's attracted to me, because I'm pretty sure I'm just lonely.
#3676 creepy that i'm a senior and i'm scoping out all the hot freshmen? maybe. do I care? not at all
#3677 I hate when the 705 professor says ' I know that many of you are going to medical school'…..No one goes to medical school sir. We only go to Roads. WE ONLY GO TO ROADS!
#3678 Today I discovered from experience that you can get a cramp in your abs from farting hard enough.
#3679 I haven't bought laundry detergent since freshman year.
#3680 wraps up another year! Have a great Memorial Day weekend and a fantastic summer, everyone!
#3681 sucks how I just fell for a second semester senior moving across the county
#3682 Proper time management during finals week:
25% studying
75% wallowing in self-pity
#3683 My girlfriend makes me feel like I am just one of her extracurriculars.
#3684 I started sexting a guy last year. I have never met him, but I know a lot about him. He said he wanted to meet, and I went along with it so we wouldn't stop texting. He is already going to get tested for STDs, and he also requested time off at his job so he can visit me this summer, and I'm freaking out. I don't know if I want to meet him or not, and if I don't, I don't know how to get out of it. He knows a lot about me, and it won't be easy to tell him that every time I encouraged him to think that we would eventually meet was a lie. Sexting with him was so simple, and safe... no STDs, no pregnancy, no hard feelings.
#3685 We couldn't just have a fun time at senior ball...you had to make a fucking production out of it.
#3686 I'm a guy, and I secretly love the show The Vampire Diaries.  None of my girl friends watch the show, so I have no one to talk/cry/rave about tonight's episode with. :(
#3687 I want to make a baby with my girlfriend, but right now is just not the time...
#3688 I dream of a day where I do not have to think which elevator in the Student Center will arrive faster.
#3689 I switched academic advisors today. When I emailed my new advisor, I made a joke about my bad GPA, because my old advisor gave me shit for getting bad grades. ("Anon, maybe you're just not smart enough to be here.") My old advisor didn't want to have me because I made her look bad. 

My new advisor replied that he's honestly excited to get to know me better. He said he was going to work with me to figure out how to survive MIT. He didn't care that my GPA is bad. This unexpected support and acceptance made me sit down and sob for the first time in months.

I didn't know why I was crying at first, but then I realized it was just the relief that someone was finally NOT judging me for my grades. Everyone who has seen my academic record just assumes things about me, because after all, how can you get D's and still deserve to be at MIT?

I realized that this is the first time in two years that I've felt like more than the sum of my GPA and academic achievements. That's how I know this is such a fucked up place. Somehow, the faculty and staff have lost humanity amidst psets and exams and grades. I even forgot that I'm more than a sum of my academic achievements. It's easy to say to each other "oh, you are more than your grades," but when your professors and advisor and faculty and mentors don't echo the same message, that's when things get bad.

Thank God for this professor. To anyone else out there who feels like they're absolute shit because their academic record isn't perfect, you are SO MUCH MORE than grades and psets and exams and school. You are a complex, beautiful, amazing human being and you deserve to be treated that way. Please don't forget it <3
#3690 PSA: Remote controlled vibrators make classes just that much more exciting ;)
#3691 I'm like, "Hey, what's up? Hello."
#3692 An orgasm a day keeps the crazy away
#3693 My teammates for a group project send me passive aggressive emails about how many all-nighters they are pulling and that I'm not pulling my weight.

Fuck off.  My mental health comes first.
#3694 Too many series sweeps in the playoffs smfh
#3695 If you knew who I was, you'd be shocked.  You'd say "don't do this," or "your life's good, how can you be so selfish to think it's worthless."  And it's true.  A lot of people love me.  I have a lot to enjoy now and a lot to look forward to in the future.  But sometimes I feel like it's all worthless just because something small fucked up my whole day or my whole week.  And that little something tends to be connected to a larger problem in my life, like it's indicative of something I hate about myself and that I suspect other people hate.  At moments like these, I sometimes go on Amazon, search "sleeping pills", and debate buying a bunch just so I can have a stash if I ever decide to kill myself in the future.  It's not that I thoroughly hate myself.  It's just that sometimes I want to see what would happen if I really was gone forever.  How would my family take it, how would MIT take it, how would my friends take it, how would people in my dorm and especially my hallmates take it?  Honestly, I think there'd be a week at most of sadness and then people would move on, just like when the last couple of students who offed themselves.  So it's really not worth it.  Anyway, I just wanted to speak up anonymously.
#3696 To keep my brass rat clean, I've started wiping my ass with my other hand.
#3697 Is it still "impostor syndrome" if you're an actual imposter?
#3698 Somebody was dropping condoms and other forms of protection on the standing tables during Ring Delivery. Are you fucking serious? It's not even your responsibility to provide that for others. Take your shit elsewhere and get some class. Disgusting.
#3699 I feel like the black sheep of my family despite being at MIT.
#3700 My roommate believes that I'm always masturbating :(
#3701 When you're so overwhelmed you can't see the bigger picture and you're just living deadline to deadline, when you feel your brain is empty and you can barely focus anymore, you know there's a good chance you're at MIT.
#3702 How trippy would it be if the Infinite was a mobius strip?
#3703 Haikus are hard
So much counting, I can't even
I'm done now.
#3704 TMAYD MIT. You all wear the wristband, but none of you actually care.
For the longest time, I loved my dorm, my hall, my hall mates. They were my best friends, people I hung out with, people I did my homework with. I cared so much about every single one of them and was there for them all the time. I thought it was the same for me too. I thought that they would stop by my door and ask why I haven't been to class for that long. I thought they would stop by to ask if I was ok, maybe give me a hug and tell me that everything would be ok. But they never did. And that's when I stopped giving a shit about them. I stopped caring and constantly trying to fit in. If you don't care about me, why would I care about you?
Now I see them wear the wristband. And it bothers me so much to see how pretentious they are. This whole movement is really a noble act, but there's only a small percent of people wearing those words know the meaning of them by heart. 
Don't TMAYD MIT. It's all lies.
#3705 I know this is nothing to everybody... I'm heartbroken by a relationship and I really don't know how to get over it.
#3706 Well if my engineering degree doesn't work out, I can always lose 10 pounds and become a stripper right?

RIGHT?
#3707 I traded extracurriculars and a social life for good grades, but now I have neither.
#3708 I'm pretty deeply disappointed in the UA. I don't understand what is going on, how decisions are being made, and what outcomes are being considered. It seems like our Judicial Board has one member, there is no Chief of Staff (who is constitutionally meant to succeed the UA P/VP), and other than Tech articles, the UA has failed to communicate what is going on to students.

I hope the new leaders elected will change the UA because what's happening now makes me embarrassed about MIT.
#3709 LaVerde's REALLY needs to improve their sandwich counter especially during lunch hours. I hate having to yell out my order awkwardly behind those pile of chips and stand in that line for ages only to go back into another line AGAIN for check out.
#3710 Clicks on Facebook profile of a random MIT student. "1 mutual friend: Tim Beaver". #oneMIT
#3711 WHY DO THE PRE-FROSH HAVE TO BE SO HOT
#3712 It is always so strange seeing prefrosh/ high schoolers walking around campus. It reminds me how old and removed I am from when I was a prefrosh. I had no idea what I wanted to do, nor did it matter. Everything was still ahead of me: a new exciting stage. But now I just feel weary and ready to move on to the next stage of my life.
#3713 Why do we have a UA. I vote for anarchy!
#3714 currently saving up for: bike, bong, strap-on, acid. currently not saving up for: student loans. if only the 'rents knew.
#3715 I eat pussy with dignity, with a fork and knife.
#3716 My 14.03 TA has a big booty so I call her by her real name....defiinitely violating 2 chains's axiom.
#3717 If you don't make any effort to move out of my way in the Infinite, don't expect me to either. I will shoulder check you. Nobody is safe.
#3718 to the new MIT Class of 2019!!! #SuperPiDay #MIT2019
#3719 Not sure if everyone has seen that racist video of OU SAE, but now I'm just wondering if there are any black people in MIT SAE...?
#3720 The tragedy that happened the other day has been weighing on me, much more so than when this type of thing has happened before. I started dealing with depression and self loathing about a year ago, though I've only been honest with myself about it for a much shorter time.

I think what's different about this tragedy for me is that it no longer seems unattached and distant from my life. I don't know everything Matthew was going through, but I know how impossible it can seem to balance horribly difficult academics with family issues, self loathing, and loneliness in the mix. To lose Matthew like this feels like a bitter blow to everyone battling their personal demons, because there's no reason this may not have been me or any of us. 

Please pay attention to one another. I don't care who you are; we aren't so different. We all need support and love and positivity wherever we can get it.

Rest in peace Matthew
#3721 I wrote the post saying goodbye to Phoebe last semester.  I can't believe I'm writing one again so soon to say goodbye to Matthew.
#3722 I met a guy that moved the woman rights book to the fiction section and got banned from the library.
#3723 Where the MIT girls with daddy issues at?
#3724 I go to the Z solely to elliptical and watch the hot gym guys.
#3725 Let me tell you a story of heartbreak at MIT. So, I used to wave at this senior house girl everYday. Walking down mass ave...In the infinite...At la vardes and at all the other romantic spots. So, I meet her at a party and ask if I could hit it. She agressively declines. Well, now we don't wave anymore.
#3726 Drake dropped an album this week but can he drop this 7.05 pset though?
#3727 Only go to class on fridays to tell the professor IDFWU and then I go to Roads.
#3728 Just looking for a nice girl to go see 50 shades of grey with. I heard its a nice documentary.
#3729 I just like to suck breast.
#3730 snow day? more like stay in my room playing with mah pussy day
#3731 Asian males are worthless in American dating market. (sigh)
#3732 Accidentally masturbated onto my calc homework. Still turned it in after it dried.
#3733 The secret to getting around tourists crowding the infinite is knowing how to say "I have explosive diarrhea" in several Asian languages.
#3734 there's a girl here so perfect i would let her shit on my chest.
#3735 a wrap! Have a great break, everyone!
#3736 The Burton 3rd bomber shirts during finals week offend me . It's one of my triggers.
#3737 I don't get Asians.
#3738 Took the 046 final legally intoxicated...0/10, would not recommend.
#3739 I think the student center bathrooms need a renovation. Or at least need to be cleaned enough so that another gnat doesn't fly into my ass.
#3740 It's 7AM before the 6.046 final, and I still haven't finished making my cheat sheets T.T
#3741 I really want someone at MIT to make some kind of dating matchup site (for MIT people only, using certificates), and know a lot of people who would sign up. We're all so busy with classes, and it's hard to meet new MIT people (especially for those of us that don't party). A lot of people are reluctant to use other dating sites cause there are a lot of randos.
#3742 I feel so violated when I read 'You are interested in analyzing blah blah blah' on the exam. YOU CAN'T CONTROL MY THOUGHTS unless the problem is actually interesting.
#3743 I judge people who still use taxis.
#3744 I just wanna meet a boy who wants to cuddle and listen to good music
#3745 I'm way too into BDSM, and I love pretending I'm a pet... 
Yesterday I talked my boyfriend into going to Petco with me and we bought a leather collar and lead for me. We may have tried too hard to make it convincing that we were shopping for an actual dog. I then had him walk me home with it. 
Now he's gone back to his apartment and I'm wearing it while studying for finals. I can't wait to go home for winter break so he can take me on a walk in the forest preserve back home...  
I really think I'm too into bondage and role playing. 
Like... is it worrying that I'm just sitting here with a collar on? 
I just really love the idea of it all. Being a pet. Being entirely under someone else's control, not having my human life to worry about, just worrying about pleasing one person in a way that isn't measured in "success" for once. 
It's a really damn good escape.  
Also, I love my boyfriend so much for putting up with all my quirks and insanity like this. Like... I don't think I could ever find another guy who'll be okay with putting a dog collar around my neck and whipping me with the leash lol. I think true love is being willing to put up with your significant other insisting on being treated like a pet lmfao
#3746 Freshmen need to shut up during finals week to let others study.
#3747 To that cute couple on the other side of the library desk:

I realize that the two of you are having a great time whispering and giggling to each other while you guys study. I also realize that you guys are whispering juusstt quietly enough for me to look like a complete asshole if I came over and asked you two to please be quiet. But forreal tho, except for you two, the entire library is silent. FUCKING SILENT. Everyone can hear you, we're all thinking the same shit, and its annoying as fuck. There are study rooms and shit literally 20 steps away from you guys. Just walk over and yall can talk normally there instead of being straight fuckfaces and distracting everyone around you. 

So please, shut the fuck up (like completely) and be considerate of those around you :)
#3748 It amazes me that nobody has invented fleece-lined underwear yet... call me an enterpreneur
#3749 My roommate yet again caught me masturbating with her toothbrush. She bought a new one. It's an electric one. Hehehe...
#3750 Everyone's complaining about finals, and I'm like fuck it I just want to make a vacuum-powered vibrator
#3751 A woman was lifting a table in the architecture department. Trying to fulfill his societal role, a male came up to her and offered to lift the table for her. She turned him down.

I mean it's very nice of you that you're offering. But if you're only doing it just because she's female, you're reinforcing this idea that women are incapable of doing physical things like lifting a table.
#3752 I don't understand why MIT decided to remove Walter Lewin's videos from OCW. I understand that his actions are not good ones and should be punished, but I don't think it's right to remove the lectures of a great professor from a free website that's supposed to be a database of classes. Lewin's lectures have helped plenty of students around the world learn physics. Why is it that his mistakes have to deprive future students from learning? 

Is there no separation of the professor from the person? I get that MIT may not want to associate with him during these allegations, but I'm still bothered by the removal of a great resource because of the actions of the person. We're burning 'books' and removing an amazing way to learn and experience a subject because the author did a bad thing, and that scares me.
#3753 I'm an awful person. 
I have a girlfriend, and my best friend has a boyfriend. Despite this, the two of us constantly flirt and talk about how we're going to date in a year or two. I talk to my friend much more than I talk to my girlfriend, and when I do talk to her, I can't help but be overcome with immense guilt.
#3754 I'm a white girl only attracted to asian girls. I feel very comfortable being openly lesbian at MIT, and I'm very thankful for that. But I feel extremely uncomfortable discussing my specific racial attraction with anyone because it's 'textbook racist' behavior. There's always the assumption that you're some sort of exotic-seeking-yellow-fever-pervert. ALWAYS.

I've made genuine efforts to be physically attracted to non-asian people but haven't been able to. I'm not sure I fully control that. I REALLY have tried. But my sexual attraction doesn't make any assumptions about your culture or dictate your social worth--it's pretty much based ONLY on what you look like. And apparently, I'm not attracted to non-asian faces. I don't understand why that's necessarily racist. On the other hand, no one thinks I'm sexist for only liking girls. 

Yes, all my relationships have been with asian girls, but they've been meaningful and with people I loved, and saying that I dated them "just because they were asian" is like saying I dated them "just because they were girls". I only date people I can be attracted to--but that's not exactly shocking behavior.

But there's SO MUCH stigma against white people exclusively dating asian girls.  I don't know if I'll ever feel comfortable talking about this part of myself, even though I don't understand why it offends people. Why does it feel like all the orientation tolerance and openness at MIT extends only to a narrow range of "socially acceptable" sexual orientations? Doesn't that defeat the point?
#3755 MIT boils down to two variables....hips and nips.
#3756 Awhile ago, I fell in love with my ex best friend, a guy who's currently an upperclassman. At first, he was talking about us getting into a relationship once I'd adjusted to my first year in college and could get semi-regular transportation to Cambridge but, at some point, I think he decided I was only worth fucking- not loving. Part of me still hates myself for not getting into MIT (maybe we would've had something legitimate), but another part of me is grateful that I wasn't able to get into a relationship with someone who'd probably never known how to love me in the first place.
#3757 I troll tumblr feminists for two reasons:

1. It's really funny how serious these people are. I think it's funny to laugh at the ultra-privileged middle-class white college girls claiming to know "oppression".
2. The humor is the only place I can bury my sadness so that I can survive day to day, because I hate being male so much.
#3758 Sometimes I'm afraid that if I shit too strenuously, I'll give myself a hernia.
#3759 Why can't guys be brave enough to approach girls and talk to them, rather than showing off and trying very pathetically to get their attention?! unbelievable...
#3760 What's the point of having S^3 Walk In Hours being from 9am-10am? I feel miserable and it's 12:49pm.
#3761 Today I was told by a group of guys that I was "too pretty" to take a hardcore EE lab class next semester.  I haven't told anyone because deep down I'm afraid that I'm not good enough to do it, and I'm afraid that other people around me in lab will assume the same.
#3762 To the black girl living next to me who just chewed me out for being 'racially insensitive' and refusing to acknowledge 'racist undertones in science dominated by old white people' while I was talking about my pset: 

Yep we have super deep racial problems in our society, and yep 19th century europe scientists were probably super racist. But nope, still pretty sure "blackbody" has exactly zero racial implications.
#3763 I'm course 6 and I don't code in my free time
#3764 I wish I was making this up, but my imagination really isn't that good.
Today I got sexually aroused by the idea of putting my UROP data in Excel....and it hasn't even been that long since I've been laid
#3765 When I first saw the FOX Sports video I thought it was trolling.
#3766 MIT is so much easier when you have a ready supply of legal, military-grade stimulants. I love the future.
#3767 As my second to last semester of MIT comes to a close, I am starting to wonder if I will ever lose my virginity.
#3768 I keep on hearing people trying to say that MIT students are not people who lack social skills or who study in their rooms all day, and that they're actually normal people. Even before this semester started one of the freshman posted a blog in our facebook group about how people told her she was too pretty or normal to go to MIT and she felt like she was being discriminated. It seems like the people here who are really outgoing and social are almost ashamed of the people here on campus who are not like them. The reality is that many people here are quiet and introverted or weird. And I'm not sure those outgoing people here would be the same way if they had the same experiences I have had with people. Don't pretend that the nerdy, weird, or quiet people here don't exist. I exist :(
#3769 There is this guy that I keep running into. It seems like we are are flirting, but this wouldn't be the first time I have read into things too much, and I don't want to say the wrong thing and offend him. I wish my gaydar was more on point.
#3770 PROUD OF MIT FOOTBALL! WHAT A SEASON BOYS! YALL ROCK! LOVE YOU! #ROLLTECH
#3771 I hate the 'black lives matter' slogan. As a black student on campus, every time I see one of those signs I want to tear it down. ALL lives matter. By saying only a select group's lives are valued, we are alienating all other races.
#3772 Dear MIT Football team, thank you for helping to get rid of the stereotype that students at MIT are just a bunch of nerds with no life outside of the books.
#3773 As a senior who doesn't know what I'm doing next year, logically, I know that right now isn't the time to start a relationship. But lately it's all I've been able to think about. I've never been in a relationship before, and right now I really just want someone who cares about me, who wants to talk, cuddle, and hold hands with me. I have so much important stuff coming up (finals, standardized test, applications), as does every other MIT student, but I just can't stop thinking about having someone to help me through it, who isn't just a friend.
#3774 My milkshakes bring all the girls to the yard. 
Not really.....It was one time. 
She never came back. 
It was expired milk.
#3775 all i want is a quiet girl to get high with and whisper sweet nothings to. universe, send me some love...
#3776 To the black community, with all sincerity and respect: I feel really uncomfortable discussing race with black people. I feel in constant danger of sincerely pissing you off or of my opinions being written off as invalid because I'm white. 

You guys have had to deal with immeasurable injustice and that understandably greatly affects the way you see and interact with the world. But I think the strong feelings you have about this should facilitate greater discussion not smother it. Black people, and other minorities, are exactly who I should be talking to to really understand and educate myself about racism. I think its vital that people not be afraid to. 

I'm not saying don't be angry. Be angry. But know that I'm angry too. Our justice system is fucked, and I'm not okay with living in a country that doesn't truly protect all of its citizens. But please don't take lack of awareness as an affront. I for one, never knew how sheltered I was,  how much racism happened  in my community, and how some actions that I perceive as innocent can be viewed offensively by others.
#3777 I could either have a hookup with a Friend with benefits, or I could play the new Super Smash bros with my brothers at my fraternity.  It's a tough decision.
#3778 Juggling guys is very difficult. After breaking up with my boyfriend, I've been enjoying the single life quite a bit. Only problem: hiding my dates from each other. The struggle is real. Damn I love being single though.
#3779 I walk by the UPOP office everyday just to get a glimpse of that ridiculously good looking guy working there
#3780 All these people are posting about the Ferguson, Mo situation.  Am I the only one who believes Darren Wilson is innocent?  I'm glad he didn't get indicted.  People have a right to self defense in this country.  If you go and assault a cop, as Michael Brown did, what do you expect will happen to you?  Now, it's too bad he killed him, not denying that.  But if you were a cop, and someone was punching you in the face and threatening your existence, wouldn't you also do what you had to do to protect yourself?
#3781 Every time I see people holding hands in the infinite, I think of how much I want to be holding hands with a cat.
#3782 #GayorEuropean is such a real thing. I can't deal. Is you gay or is you European? If you're both, that's even better.
#3783 I farted in the elevator and blamed it on the three legged dog. Everyone believed it and I feel terrible.
#3784 I've been dating two guys for over six months and we live in the same dorm.
#3785 All my friends tell me they fake orgasms, I have always faked orgasms. Why do we fake orgasms though?! Why can't we be strong enough to prioritize our pleasure too??
#3786 I've realized being single isn't as fun as being in an amazing, healthy relationship. Dicking around isn't as satisfying as I thought it'd be.
#3787 We used to be so close -- how did we get to the point where we were literally standing two feet away last night and yet neither of us made even the slightest hint of acknowledging the other?
#3788 What's with all these creepy missing person flyers up and down the infinite and dorm row?  What happened in Mexico sucks, but there's absolutely nothing I can do about it.  It's not like I can go looking for them around the MIT campus.  Whenever I see one of those posters it just makes me feel awful for those people and their families, and awful because I can't help the problem.
#3789 i feel like the 2017 class council work their butts off and do a pretty good job... they get a lot of shit from a very small minority, and sometimes i feel like mit students just find whatever they can to complain about -- mit's hard, for sure, but when two words on a pair of sweatpants gets you worked up about 'class spirit,' you should probably destress elsewhere and go read a book or something.
#3790 To people who make others feel left out deliberately, acknowledge your potential for spreading kindness in the world by including everyone in your happiness! Obnoxiousness never did anyone any good.
#3791 What a luxurious life it must be without email!
#3792 I'm totally in love with my professor. I regularly stalk him on facebook and twitter and I think he's sort of into me too. I looked at MIT's policy on student-professor relationships and we could be a thing. I want him. Should I just go for it? I'm soooo confused right now.
#3793 omg fire and ice is going terrible, its been 30 minutes and havent even gotten a blowjob
#3794 Don't fucking play games with me. 

Don't play hard to get because then you're just hard to want. If you like me, ask me out. Let's go and actually talk. 

Oh yeah, don't Fucking wait a whole day to text me back and expect me to remember what the Fuck we were talking about. Not only are you in friend zoned, you're a terribe acquaintance.
#3795 5000 likes! Thanks, everyone!
#3796 To the people who took the time to pass out cookies after the 8.033 exam finished: you are all very lovely people who made this crappy week a  little better and thank you, that cookie was delicious :)
#3797 Fuck that 6.004 exam.  I hope I'm not the only one who got killed by it :(
#3798 I walk around naked in my room a lot.  When I need to pee, I don't feel like putting on clothes so I pee into things in my room.  I had a cup in my room that kept on filling up with pee for ages.  I stopped peeing in cups and threw out all of my cups.  I thought it was a bad habit to get into.  I didn't want people coming into my room and seeing and smelling my pee-filled cups.
I threw away the cups.  But habits are hard to break.  Now I pee in my trash.  But I only take out the trash once a week.  Now my room smells so badly of old pee and I am too embarrassed to take out the trash in case someone smells my trash bag (it smells REALLY bad).
I am waiting until 4 am to take out my trash.
I wish this was a joke but everything I wrote here is true.  My room stinks so badly.  I am going to buy cups again.  Until I can break my habit.
For the record, I am female and have awesome aim.  AMAZING AIM.
#3799 i need to stop wanting to make out with my academic advisor like rn
#3800 I used to judge people for sucking dick until I found out how much fun it is to eat out. Don't knock it 'til you try it I guess.
#3801 I find it troublesome that there is all this attention to fighting sexual assault.  Too often I hear reports of two people, who are both drunk, hooking up and then the girl suddenly proclaims to be the victim even though both parties gave their consent (even if under the influence).  Then the case becomes her word against his word and in our society now there is a presumption of guilt with the man. For example the Duke lacrosse scandal a couple years ago ruined several young men's lives even though it was later found that they were completely innocent, as the "victim" simply lied.  I believe that if found guilty the perpetrators should be punished severely and swiftly, but in a country based on a presumption of innocence, I think the overreaction to sexual assault accusations goes against this foundational American value.
#3802 I want to get drunk and make out with everyone on my 2.009 team.
#3803 A good sense of humour is my biggest turn on. And right now, you're killing me.
#3804 To whoever posted #1513: Thanks for the heads up. But it's an icosahedron, not a dodecahedron! Get your regular polyhedra straight!
#3805 I am a mess, I feel extremely happy one moment then I go to my room and get absolutely sad. I met people at the beginning of the year and we would "keep in touch" but it hasn't happened. I feel less motivated than in high school, I don't know what to study. People in my dorm become more and more distant and everything seems to go from bad to worse. When I stop exercising I immediately gain weight, and I don't have the money to be in a meal plan. I just want someone to cuddle and smoke with.
#3806 The problem I have with being friends with straight girls is that I have a really hard time telling the difference between them actually being interested in me, and them being affectionate with me because they're just super comfortable with me.
#3807 I've masturbated to the Anaconda music video. Multiple times. I'm female.
#3808 to the person living in the single next to me...You're always so quiet but I always wonder if you can hear my frantic phone calls to my parents and the conversations I have with my friends, or the weird music I play at 3 am, or the arguments I have with my boyfriend. I wonder if you have this strange window into my life when I barely ever hear anything from your side of our common wall...
#3809 I feel guilty when I sleep more than 7 hours.
#3810 I am a virgin. I want my first time to be with someone who cares enough about me to make it as enjoyable as possible, but it is hard to find people who are looking for relationships and not hookups so idk I feel like I'm missing out on a lot of potential sex lmao
#3811 I skipped leg day.
#3812 A week after uploading my pset to stellar, I realized I had accidentally submitted a GBA emulator file instead of the scan of my pset. Oops.
#3813 why does google seem to have a thing for hiring white girls or girls who look white?
#3814 Think being an MIT student is hard? Try being poor, a minority, an immigrant, AND an MIT student. I'M NOT WORKING RIGHT NOW MOM please stop calling to ask me if I can bail out my relatives from jail. No I cannot call the 10 lawyers cause I have psets instead. I'm only 20.
#3815 I take my anger out on cyclists who think they are above the law. With a simple phrase like "the light is red you piece of shit!" you too can reduce stress and increase safety!
#3816 I wish I could just do research and never have to take classes. Research is great: there's no exams, I can choose the timeslots at which I want to work, I can put on headphones and ignore the world, and best of all, I can still do competent lab work while mildly inebriated.
#3817  someone from class council won the 2017 ring. surprise.
#3818 I only look at girls from the back because they be frontin
#3819 Why can't I read you? We text, we talk. Is there more to this? I feel like Britney Spears, cause you drive me crazy.
#3820 Dear Dodecahedron Dude:
Your lamp is really cool. It's always there in your window, emitting a soft, welcoming glow. My whole floor loves to watch your lamp. We also, mostly incidentally, watch you.
You might consider buying some blinds. We saw you on Halloween night ;) Maybe buy two thin ones, so you can block the view to your bed without blocking our view of your sexy, sexy dodecahedron.
#3821 What am I doing wrong in that I don't know of any of the parties going on ever?
#3822 I'm asexual, but I would give anything not to be.
#3823 I actually donated to the UGC because I critically looked at the campaigns they were supporting and found one that I believed could benefit the world. Maybe next year you could do the same?
#3824 If you take MIT Confessions seriously, you're doing it wrong.
#3825 Is anybody else really annoyed about how far just "networking" can get you? I grew up in a relatively poor family, and my parents weren't friends with anybody, and they also didn't know(and therefore never taught me) any of the American social courtesies. Like, I never ever said "thank you" to anyone until middle school, when people started pointing out how rude I was to not say certain things.  

When I first started going to science camps in high school, I was really impressed with everyone and felt inferior to everyone. I met people who had already done research before, or who had done these science olympiads, or had built robots and stuff. But then I just kept hearing these recurring stories, like "blah blah my parents knew this one guy and that's how I started research" or "blah blah my teacher got me started in this" or even "blah blah oh yeah my relative works in [insert college] admissions, so I'm not worried about getting in" blah blah blah. Oh and also "blah blah I found out about his camp because one of my friends went here." Lol I felt incredibly odd for being the only person who found camps by googling stuff with the keywords "science" and "financial assistance." I don't think those people even realize how privileged they are. To have even the smallest bit of guidance from somebody, or a nudge onto a path of success, or the tiniest bit of assurance that your life will turn out fine even if you do one thing wrong-- those are HUGE privileges. 

I find it so weird that had I not started googling things that one night when I felt too exhausted to do work, or started applying to those camps on a whim, I probably never would have even known what a tiny bubble I had been living in, and about the countless opportunities that other people took for granted. I probably never would have applied to MIT. 

Now that I'm at MIT, I realize that I have become one of those privileged people, and that I have the opportunity to network if I so choose—that some person would give something I say more consideration just because I go to MIT. And I hate the fact that door is open to me. I hate the fact that door is open to anyone. After so many years of living in fear of the future, and having no idea where my life was headed, I don't think I'll ever be comfortable accepting anything I didn't directly earn through grueling, hard work. I am afraid of who I would become if I let my successes become a crutch.
#3826 I couldn't be any more happier with weed. With one hit after the other, slowly I begin to immerse myself in a world full of serenity. And it isn't until I get high that I begin to appreciate the small things in life, things that I usually forget to even think about at MIT amidst all the stress. MaryJane <3
#3827 Am I the only one who hasn't had his/her first kiss? How do you do it?!!
#3828 I normally don't let myself get out-of-control drunk at parties, but DAMN grinding at the 41W party was fun.
#3829 I know most of you will hate me for saying this, but I hate physics. It can burn in hell.
#3830 I have been stalking my 6.0002 TA, who I am in love with, for the last 3 weeks.
#3831 I believe in NoFap. Its barely been two weeks and I've cummed in a girl during sex for the first time in almost a year. I have more time and better focus. Life is getting better
#3832 Sometimes I give up on masturbating so that I can cry.
#3833 I am a Greek man and I am really disappointed at the IFC's incompetence to maintain the MIT fraternal image in public. Why can't we just have a council made of the presidents from all frats? I trust those presidents more than some dutches in the IFC. I hope that the next IFC exec will do a better job.
#3834 I understand how walking without shoes can be healthier and more comfortable, but if every time you wiggle your toes it smells like tuna fish gone bad, y'all need to cover that up.
#3835 Even though I've already gotten the checkoff, I still love running my 6.004 beta because I'm so fucking proud of it.
#3836 I finally went to the Baker fitness room. Then I walked out. #gottastartsomewhere
#3837 I googled how Halal food is made (because it's always served in a lot of the dining halls to accommodate religious people's diets) and I've got to say that's pretty fucked. An animal has to be fully conscious after being stabbed in the neck/gut so it can bleed out over a few agonizing minutes because a mystical book says that's the way it should be? Fucking insane.
#3838 my standards for guys have definitely changed. i now look at a guy and if i think he looks financially stable i am turned on
#3839 I wish it was more socially acceptable to ask someone you think is super attractive to make out with you in a sober environment.
#3840 I've never really liked PBE, but gotta say that Halloween party last night was insane.
#3841 I'm a guy. I've been told I've had a sizeable butt for quite some time. In most cases, my butt is bigger than my female friends'. Despite how i react initially, i love it when my female friends slap/grab my ass. I have no idea why, but I love the sensation.
#3842 lab literally sucks my soul. Everytime I leave it, I feel so dead.
#3843 I got externship offers and asked my dad for advice on which I should pick. He wasn't impressed because none of the companies are "big" and he thinks I probably wouldn't learn that much. Sometimes I get sick of this. Why the freak is this still happening? I thought I left 'not good enough' behind in freshman year but it's still following me around and it pisses me off.
#3844 I masturbated during the fire alarm at baker last night instead of evacuating.  If there was a real fire, that's the way I'd want to go out anyway #noragrets
#3845 Oh, ADD medication.  You are such a fickle mistress.  With one hand, you bestow the ability to concentrate for more than thirty seconds, and with the other, you sucker punch me right in the appetite and sex drive.  I'm losing too much weight and my girlfriend is getting frustrated, but I have a fighting chance to not completely flame out academically.
#3846 I'm tired of hearing all these 16s complaining about how hard Unified is. Oh, no you need to learn the most basic ass intro content to courses 6 and 2 while learning some of your actual major...fluids. Welcome to engineering-where, for the first time, you need to know more than the name of every jet and rocket to be considered an engineer. 
Oh, wow you attached an arduino to a balloon. Good luck on your foam planes next semester. It's not exactly rocket science.
#3847 It seems pretty rude to tag someone in the comments of a confession. Doesn't that defeat the whole purpose of it being anonymous? Now tons of MIT people they may not even know will assume that they are on cocaine or masturbating in front of their roomate's parents.
#3848 Can confirm. There is Comic Sans on the 2017 Brass Rat
#3849 Should I be worried if I'm getting C's in all my classes? I'm trying the hardest I can with 8 hours of sleep and my UROP. I have a fairly solid basic understanding of what I'm learning but nothing special. I could try to get B's, but that would require dropping the UROP I care about and giving up some sleep.
#3850 Evolution naturally exists to move away from undesirable traits in a population, all the while increasing diversity so that the population as a whole becomes more resistant to being wiped out by one event. I think that's a distinction that gets faded by super "accept everyone" liberal environments. Diversity is sweet, celebrate that shit m8. But undesirable traits shouldn't be celebrated. Tl;dr: "Thin privilege" doesn't exist, it's called evolution.
#3851 I couldn't finish the last 6.006 pset because I was horny all day and couldn't get off to hash functions. Welp, I need the weekend.
#3852 I walk on the second floor of the infinite to avoid the UGC beggers.
#3853 I don't know why anyone has mentioned this but the TDC pledges made an awesome performance during SK Late Night. The pledges singing salsa, rapping, and singing some screamo were pretty sexy! I'll make sure to thank them personally. ;)
#3854 Not sure why there's been so much East-West Campus hating lately.  East Campus wants administration to stop messing with its dorms.  West campus wants administration to stop messing with its fraternities.  What's actually the problem here?
#3855 guy who lives in the reading room. yea you...... the fuck man?
#3856 Every time I meet a guy, he asks me if I go to Wellesley. No dammit.
#3857 I'm only good at white people sports like lacrosse, investment banking, and cocaine.
#3858 I don't understand why some students don't wear shoes. I would ask someone walking around with bare feet but I'm afraid to get yelled at for restricting them to a binary
#3859 There's so much social pressure to be "caring" or "empathetic", but I don't understand it. Someone posted a while ago that they think their "empathy is broken", and I really feel the same - I knew Phoebe, but her death really, truly did not perturb me in the slightest. Sometimes I think that there's something wrong with me, and sometimes I think there's something wrong with the rest of the world, but I legitimately don't give a fuck about "feelings", "honor", "empathy" or other intangibles. 

This doesn't mean I'm continuously rude or selfish - I know how society works and conscious play the game to get ahead. But every expression, word, and action is a deliberate, calculated move to achieve a goal, never a relatable reaction. Usually this is exhilarating - liberating - I feel like I'm in absolute control of my life and most of the world around me - I feel like I can effect virtually anything I choose just by coordinating the right sequence of moves in the game.

But other times it's crushing, lonely, and bland, as if I've beaten the game but am still trapped in the same campaign, over and over and over again. Sometimes I'm ridiculously paranoid about people's motives, envisioning elaborate cons that they're manipulating, but in the end I'm only dreaming, *wishing* that they were because then I wouldn't be the only one.

Usually when I confide this to people, they'll smirk and nod, think I'm obsessed with Sherlock or Spock, and secretly lament that I've been so sheltered. When I do actually experience loss or [emotional stimulant], they say, I'll realize how foolish I am. Then they go back to their shallow little lives, splash around in their kiddie pool of friends and, if they're lucky or ambitious, make a few ripples of drama in society at large. Good for them.

Maybe someday, something horribly tragic (or terribly good) will happen to me and I'll snap out of it, discover empathy, and cannonball into the kiddie pool myself. 
The worst part is that I can't decide if I want that to happen or not.
#3860 Someone that I know on my floor remembers girls based only on their nationality. He's a cockybastard but I love him anyways
#3861 I wrote the rough drafts for every single one of my 24.01 philosophy papers while on acid.
#3862 this is getting ridiculous. it feels like we should still be together and i can't tell how much of this is me trying to deny the facts and hope blindly and how much of this is the fact that you're still around me all the time. i can't even tell if you actually want to be around me or if you just feel like you have to anymore. 

i let you go because it felt like you wanted to go. now you're just staying at this awkward distance. if i could have my way i'd take you back and keep you all for myself. but it feels like for your sake i have to really let go.
#3863 I am more worried about not having enough time to try a piece of every 2018 PBE Pledge before I graduate than actually graduating.
#3864 I've been telling people that I already voted for UGC so they'll leave me alone in the infinite...
#3865 A brass rat is a huge turn on for me. Like damn baby you made it through at least 2 years of MIT how much of that restrained suffering and anger will you let out in bed???
#3866 All I want are friends who will listen to my problems, actually care about me, and not be judgmental about it. Is that too much to ask for around here?
#3867 Went to MIT medical with ebola. They gave me a few crackers and told me to eat bland foods. Needless to say, I made an instant recovery.
#3868 When you say you don't like/want kids:
"But you used to be one"
"Oh, you'll change your mind one day"
"But it's selfish not to have one"
"You must be a sociopath."

When you say you do like/want kids:
"Okay, no explanation needed"

Am I the only one getting tired of having to give everyone an excuse?
#3869 Every time anyone gets an "A" on a test on our floor, we all high-five dicks. #B1W
#3870 I feel stuck and trapped in my old friend group, and I don't know how to make new friends. It may be too late for me. It's not that I dislike my friends, but I don't feel especially close to them. There's so much pressure to make your best, longest lasting friends here, but there's almost no one I feel really close too. I'm worried that I'll graduate with no close friends then go into the real world where it's even harder to meet people and be even more alone. :(
#3871 as much as i love my sorority, there are certain things that really bother me about greek life. frats and sororities seem to garner certain stereotypes that sort of repeat themselves and i don't always know if i like what im representing
#3872 I put a jelly bean in my butt, East campus is a fun place!
#3873 I live in Baker House and am in sorority. I go out all the time and feel like I know a lot of people here at MIT, but I honestly can't name one person who lives in East Campus or Senior Haus. Who are the people that live there?? I never see them!
#3874 I have a crush on this girl, but I don't know if it's because I really like her or because I'm feeling lonely after my long term girlfriend broke up with me. It also feels too soon to start dating again, given how long my ex and I dated. I don't know what to think...
#3875 My roommate's mother walked in on me watching porn. Yay for Family Weekend!
#3876 I've devoted so much time to work this semester that I feel like I haven't spent any time doing the things that I love, and that I don't have time for the people I love. This is really sad for me, because I was really excited about returning to MIT this year and seeing all of my friends again. I compare myself as I am now - working like crazy, catching barely any sleep and just dying - to how happy I was 2 months ago, and it couldn't be more different. Plus my depression is returning and I'm barely making it through the day. I feel like I picked the wrong school because I ultimately believe that life here is meant to be about much more than your profession, and although I have the skills to make it here, I couldn't see a starker contrast between me and those people who enjoy working so much that they make it their lives here. I feel like shit.
#3877 Plot twist: Your big isn't literally the best ever
#3878 I just had wine and emailed my TA with a full-out shitstorm about how poorly-written the problem sets are, and how he needs to hold himself to the same standards to which he holds his students.

Welp.
#3879 All I want is to drink and read...
#3880 Am I the only freshman who feels like they didn't spend their first two months like they should've?
#3881 Even though she caught me once and bought a new one, I'm still using my roommate's (new) toothbrush to masturbate.
#3882 I see what KS is trying to do with their "My frat sucKS balls" shirt, but I feel like there are better ways of making fun of PBE than saying that your own frat sucks
#3883 I've been trying to ask my tinder matches for their credit score to make sure that they are fiscally responsible but none of them will share it with me. All I want is a nice girl who can take care of her own finances. Is that too much to ask? Any MIT girls know how to not fall behind on their credit card payments?
#3884 so i just got a flu shot and the needle penetrated my arm first the tip and then the rest of the shaft  and in that moment i was the luckiest person alive it felt so BEAUTIFUL i was being injected with SCIENCE and i just wanted to weep i sat in the chair and the chair didn't collapse because some people engineered it and why did they go through all that trouble like they had to design it and get the materials and stuff to make it and there were different people who had to mine the aluminum or whatever and i was sitting my ass on it and thinking of all the people around me in this orderly line to get pricked and the logistics and HOLY SHIT all the people it took to make that vaccine and all the people it took to streamline that process to make that oozing magic syrup and the fact that they have to fucking synthesize a new one each year and all the people before them who figured out stuff about viruses and nucleic acids and stuff and how far they had come from the beginnings of germ theory and holy shit to figure that out that had to do chemistry and stuff toiling that we might not suffer and even those people were standing on giants' shoulders and it's all because of science which is really just a word for being honest and being willing to admit it when you're proven wrong 'cause it's the truth that matters and you have to work together since you can't do it alone just like the people who made the chair and you have to trust that the others are behaving in good faith and how is this even fucking possible it's a fucking positive sum game and you fucking BET we're going to hit that herd immunity threshold it's CIVILIZATION how lucky lucky am i and you too and i wonder if civilization is still in its infancy but holy fuck holy fuck against the staggering staggering odds how far yes just how far our pathetic pathetic little species has come
#3885 It bothers me when people are discreetly watching porn in class. If you must watch, at least turn up the volume and let everyone enjoy! Damn.
#3886 to the sophomore coughing (on my food too) in a crowded stata dining hall - you nasty. does basic hygiene escape MIT students...?
#3887 Today I read a joke about getting programmers to shower by using recursion but I couldn't laugh because it was to real...pls shower.....for my olfactory senses.....
#3888 Everybody seems to always be talking about how academically overwhelmed they are at MIT. I'm not overwhelmed academically. But I want to scream at these people, at least you have friends. And people who will support you in talking about being overwhelmed. I'm that kid who always appears to be coasting and acing life, but if I say so everyone will hate me, so I just say I'm busy, just like everyone else. In reality I don't have any close friends and my life is pretty unsatisfying. I missed out on making a lot of close friendships my freshman year due to relationships and other things. I'm in a fucking sorority, but when I walk into a room full of my sisters, I realize that hardly any of them are really my friends. I say hi to some of them in the hallways and that's about it. Some of them look the other way when I walk past. I would disaffiliate, but I'm so close to the end now that it seems like a waste of years of dues money not to become a lifetime member. I get really happy and really sad every time I think about graduating because I'm so happy to get out of this place where I have no friends, but so sad because I expected to make the best friends of my life here. Yes, it's probably largely my fault for being bad at reaching out to people, but seriously? Not one person has noticed that I'm desperately lonely and have been since the start?
#3889 I've been having substantially more sex in groups than 1-on-1. I feel like this should make me feel bad, but I'm waaaaaay too hosed to maintain a moral compass.
#3890 Those girls at the Relay For Life kickoff booth taking photos with Harry Potter props were so cute. Can't wait to stay up all night with you on March 7th to finish the fight...against cancer obviously  I signed up for Relay just for you two.
#3891 I ABSOLUTELY ADORE WOMEN!!! Very beautiful human beings, very sweet also!!! I can't help but treat them with respect and kindness. :))
#3892 I'm f*** tired of the YELLOW FEVER at MIT
I dont understand why almost all MIT guys are into Asians!!!!
#3893 you freshman need to learn how to shut the fuck up in the reading room.
#3894 At any given time I am crushing on 5+ girls, for each one imagining us getting married, buying a house with a picket fence, and raising 4 kids and a pet ferret named Bartholomew.
#3895 How does one person make 32-123 smell this bad? Take a shower ffs.
#3896 I hate 2.671
#3897 I actually find Frank N. Furter's character from Rocky Horror sexy. I get really turned on every time I watch the movie.
#3898 A pset a day keeps the all-nighters away.
#3899 I must confess that my loneliness is killing me now. Don't you know I still believe that you will be here and give me a sign? Hit me, baby, one more time.
#3900 My mental health just keeps fluctuating... Functioning for a week, stop working for a week... Never long enough to keep up with school, but also not long enough to flunk out.

basically I have shitty grades in a pretty useless major (not science/engineering/math).
future doesn't look that bright.

at least I know I have well-off family.
#3901 I shared some serious shit with my friend this past Monday. Since then, whenever the subject comes up, I can feel her judging me for it. It's all so clear cut to her. And I know she's trying to help but her judgement hurts.
#3902 People should stop being assholes and taking an entire group study room to themselves.
#3903 I read my Course 6 boyfriend some of my HASS essay, and, impressed, he said "A*, babe. A*."

A* is a search algorithm. I don't think he realized he didn't say A+.

...I'm pretty sure I love him.
#3904 Being in the closet, TAing, and having strong feelings for one of your student is not the best thing in life right now ... it also doesn't help that I feel like I'm getting physical cues from him ... lots of them.  Plus, I'm failing or doing average in most of my classes in my major and really rethinking my major right now. AHHHHH I didn't ask for my life to get this complicated (very big sigh)
#3905 I should be doing my physics pset but am reading MIT confessions instead.
#3906 I only go for flu shots because the hot female attendant compliments my muscular arm every year.
#3907 I'm a freshman, and it's driving me crazy not being able to be intimate with people like I always could be with people I knew for so many years at home. I know it just takes time to get closer to people and figure out which people I'm able to connect with best, but I have a lot of trouble putting myself out there and meeting new people when I don't have one or two people I'm really close/intimate with. I feel like I'm in a rut.
#3908 Though I didn't personally know Phoebe Wang, my UROP over the summer did. For the first time today I suddenly realized how terrifying it must be to hear about the death of someone who you knew, even if you didn't know them well. A haunting feeling...a young, vibrant life, suddenly gone. All the hope she carried suddenly gone...this must make MIT all the more scarier for others. I hope that these deaths at MIT end...the realization that what happens in your life has an impact on several others is very important.
#3909 The new silent minority: people who don't support LGBTQ for various reasons. You are not alone.
#3910 I think I have a freshmen fetish.
#3911 Does anyone else at MIT still play Neopets? ._.
#3912 I'm a freshman ridiculously in love with his TA and it's actually driving me crazy. Nothing here is easy.
#3913 When MIT students compare the hours spent in a relationship with class credits and realize it's a minimum of 12 credits per week.
#3914 I can't stand it when people try to talk to me when I'm brushing my teeth
#3915 Fossil Free MIT is such an attention whore. I know you want to get known, but don't play loud music around campus and distract people who are taking a test. Some people just don't want to hear you.
#3916 I thought it would be easier to get an internship as a junior in course 6, but why is everyone better than me? I got rejected right after the first round of two interviews already and the one I just finished didn't go well at all. And everyone else isn't even responding to my applications. I'm doing pretty well in my classes, but I always mess up during interviews and it seems like there's no room for error. Is anyone else failing as much as I am?
#3917 YES! I FOUND LOVE IN THIS HOPELESS PLACE <3
#3918 I get so bored at my UROP that sometimes I literally masturbate in the empty lab. The rest of the time it's only figuratively.
#3919 My friends and I get pretty excited and announce to each other whenever new MIT confessions come out. Probably because we relate to the depressing ones about feeling incompetent and insecure all the time. 

But you know. That's just how it is.
#3920 My ex-boyfriend (not an MIT student, lives 3 hours away) had a mental breakdown and started to believe that he is the Antichrist. He's currently in a mental facility being held against his will because he drove to my hometown and started screaming about it being the devil's den, but I'm so scared that when he gets out he's going to try to kill people. I think I'm on the list, but I'm more afraid he's going to do a mass shooting.
I have spoken to the police, they were instrumental in having him committed for 72+ hours in a special facility (instead of spending only 48 hours in the hospital). But he hasn't made any explicit threats, so no crime has been committed aside from maybe disturbing the peace.
I can't believe this is happening in my life. I'm sitting here working on psets, as if there wasn't a person merely hours away who's locked up, violently deluded, and probably growing more and more angry with every passing minute. At least they can sedate him so he can sleep for the first time in a long time…but I don't think he will be cured before he's released.
#3921 I hate the fact that people running for positions in the freshmen class thought it would be a good idea to friend people on Facebook in order to get votes. The person I voted for president was the one person who didn't send me a spammy friend request. Some of them even sent more friend requests after I deleted them. I also may or may not have reported their profiles to facebook as spam.
#3922 I really wish people could talk about things other than how many tests and psets they have that week. It gets really boring after awhile.
#3923 I don't think I'm good enough to be here. I'm behind in a class I really care about, and the professor just emailed me to ask why I've missed so many lectures...I'm tired all the time, physically and mentally, and there are days where I just hole myself up in my room and try to finish the piled-up work I have. How do people even have time for things like HackMIT and TechX projects? As much as I want to make cool projects, I'm already weighed down so much by my classes.

I wish I could catch a break, but weekends have turned into workdays too. As soon as I finish one pset, the next one is due tomorrow. I don't have time to breathe, but everyone around me seems to be chugging along just fine...

Definitely not good enough.
#3924 I feel guilty that my boyfriend cares about me, instead of about someone who is in greater need of that care and affection. I found out yesterday that the girl he used to date in high school had physically abusive parents (abusive to each other and their kids) and I feel like he should have stayed with her, even though he broke up with her (because of distance) long before I met him. But surely she deserved someone who is loving and affectionate more than I do, given that situation.  I felt sufficiently guilty after finding this out that I couldn't sleep last night and therefore barely made it through an 8:30am class.
#3925 I hate it when we get to pick our own teams because my all my friends have people they'd rather work with than me.
#3926 It's funny how PBE has convinced their freshman to run for every class of 2018 position...
Can't tell if its their freshman running or their upperclassmen puppeteering...
#3927 For the past year, I've considered converting to a new religion, and in the past few months I've begun.  Why am I so desperate to keep this a secret?  Because where I come from, people's decisions get misinterpreted all the time, and the bigger the decision, the more stinging the backlash from your peers.
Just so certain people who might know me don't misjudge me or take this the wrong way: This has NOTHING to do with you.  I've had this connection to the Jewish experience and religion since I was 12 or 13.  It's just that I've only recently been able to figure out what it means and what to do with it.  I can't help that my timing sucks.  I can't help that I fell into an exhausted and dehydrated sleep Saturday night and had to stay up late because of it.  I can't help how scared and nervous I feel when I see people I know when I'm going to a synagogue.  I can't help that this semester feels harder than it should be because of the 18+ units spent researching this, going to services, and reflecting on where I want to go from here.  I can't help that I sometimes sit in my room and cry because the world has butchered and persecuted these people for so many centuries and for no reason.
This process is fucking hard, but I love what I've learned and who I've met and who I've become because of it.  I just wish I had the courage to open up and not do this alone.
#3928 Sometimes I get jealous of the little kids I see in the playground outside Stata D-Entrance. I wish I were one of them, free of obligations and not worried about disappointing everyone with expectations of me. And being 19, being almost done with teenagerhood doesn't help. I'm not ready to be an adult.
#3929 There's a pretty strong inverse relationship between my mental health and the number of psets I've punted.
#3930 I'm supposed to grade ~75 problem sets in a week, where each pset has about 5-10 pages of work. I just can't give each student enough time, and I'm scared that I'm giving bad scores. The guilt of this is actually painful.
#3931 To all the people who wanted to go to MIT to do something good for the world:
You already have that power, right now, as students.
It's easy to be bitter in a place like this, but just showing someone kindness, whether or not they are a friend, makes this place more rewarding.
I feel like once a few years have gone by a lot of us lose sight of that. 
Keep doing nice things, it doesn't take that much time or effort, and we can turn this place around.
#3932 Someone should tell MIT that there's an easier way to kill the grass on kresge than by paving over it and erecting a tent every 45 seconds
#3933 I really really like my best friend's brother. He thinks she's going to get mad if we are together, but I don't care. I masturbate to the thought of having sex with him at least once a day.
#3934 I think its important for people at MIT to realize that while things at MIT are difficult and all of us feel like a complete loser for a large fraction of our time here, the bigger picture is much brighter. Firstly, a Prof at MIT said that if you're at MIT, you must be doing something right. Also, if we step out of MIT, we can clearly see how much better our education here is compared to other schools. I know, coz I'm a grad student who did undergrads elsewhere. 
One thought I really feel like sharing: if you keep failing at something,it doesn't mean you're a failure. It just means that you're supposed to succeed at something else. A lot of us are bad at accepting failure. For example, not matter how much Stephen Hawking may want to be an athlete, the truth is he has to accept that he can't be and cherish his talent in Science.
#3935 I have a boyfriend but I still use tinder AND.. I just added women to my preferences as well.
#3936 To people who leave Athena station computers locked and don't intend on coming back: fuck you. seriously, fuck you.
#3937 I'm only taking 54 units this semester with no clubs or other obligations and I'm already finding it hard to keep up. I've dropped video games and hardly go out, but I still can't seem to manage my time well and I feel everyone else does better with more on their plate.
#3938 I wish someone would help me. My friends know I do not do well but don't offer to help me out. I reach out to TA's and they don't have enough time. I feel like it's an endless struggle to try and do better. Is there no one who's job it is to make sure I do well.
#3939 I masturbate with my roommate's vibrator.
#3940 I feel my empathy may be broken. The news of Phoebe's death didn't affect me at all, and I don't know why people who knew her were.  The Boston bombings didn't influence me either, even when I knew people affected. I have to avoid talking about tragedies with people, because I can't tell where the line is where people generally start becoming upset. And I don't know whether to feel grateful or miserable that I don't feel someone else's pain the way you do.
#3941 I broke the November Rule already.
#3942 So..the article "Drunk female guests are the gravest threat to Fraternities" has sparked a lot of conversation and anger.  And so has the response "Fraternities are their own worst enemies, not Drunk Girls."  

I'm going to be brutally honest.  I'm a girl, and I actually agreed with a lot of the things that Bill Frezza was talking about.  He went a little overboard on points, but in light of the LCA incident and the frat ban now and last year, he was probably a bit worked up about everything and said things he probably regrets.  

Outside of MIT is a different story, but within our school, I believe that a lot of frats here really do try to follow the basic rules.  Yeah, they're going to have alcohol, but when it comes to the serious situations of rape and sexual assault, the fraternity as a whole is not going to encourage and support those kinds of behavior.  I think what Frezza was trying to say was that fraternities have control over themselves, but not their guests--and there's a larger consequence if something happens to a guest that is a female (which is a whole different topic).  There's a potential for a lot of misunderstandings that could blow up into things that could bring down the frat.  

I'm not talking about sexual assault or rape cases. That's the fault of the person who committed those actions (but still not the fraternity as a whole).  I'm talking about people who are intoxicated who make poor decisions because of their state and end up hurting themselves and blaming the frat. Most of us have been to a frat party.  There's a lot of people to watch out for, and a situation like that is really hard to prevent.  And unfortunately, the situation is a lot worse if that accident happens to a girl rather than a guy.  Politically that's just how it is.  

And let's be honest, the response article was a dramatic, exaggeration of the LCA situation.  "an intoxicated girl 'danced out' a frat house window, thereby ruining the party.  I'm pretty sure the brothers, all the other frats, and the rest of campus took that more seriously than a party buzzkill.
#3943 Id like all the ladies to know I have dibs on marrying Joe Taglic. 20 years from now: y'all better remember that
#3944 I don't want to be with my girlfriend anymore, but she might have cancer and I feel like I need to stay in the relationship.
#3945 Dear trolls of MIT Confessions,

Sometimes I don't realize how overwhelmed I am until I see one of your posts, and experience the really foreign feeling of grinning ear-to-ear. Trying to remember the last time I laughed really hard at something reminds me that life is too short to let myself get bogged down by all the stresses in my life. 

Thank you for that.
#3946 dear freshmen, I'm incredibly proud of you and your mommy probably is too for getting an a on your first college exam ever, but please refrain from putting that shit all over facebook.
#3947 I thought I had everything put together. I knew what I wanted to do, loved my classes (still do really), but these days I can barely keep a straight face. Everything that could go wrong this past week did. It seems so fucking surreal. My best friend is hospitalized for a hole in her heart. My parents are going through struggles of their own that make me so guilty for being here and unable to help. Then Phoebe. I can't sleep, I don't want to talk to anyone, I feel like collapsing and screaming all the time, but I can't even get myself to cry it out. Meanwhile school work keeps piling and it's getting out of hand, I'm not able to do justice to the people in the extracurricular activities I'm in. Being around people stresses me out, and I just want to be left alone, but at the same time it's so lonely. I think I just want to curl up and go to sleep for a long time.
#3948 Getting real tired of all of this heteronormative bullshit during 6.042 lectures...
#3949 I'm gay and the majority of my close friends are straight guys. It really sucks to not have people to talk about certain things. :\
#3950 GIRs suck. Introductory major classes often suck, too. Keep your heads up, people. It will get better.
#3951 Goodbye, Phoebe.  We'll miss you.
#3952 Protip: the fifth-floor bathrooms in building 36 are the prime location to have complete meltdowns before, during, and after 6.01. The red stall walls will even complement your face afterward.
#3953 My girlfriend yells my kerberos during sex...
#3954 I never felt this insecure in my entire life, and I never used to be like this. I used to love myself and not care what other ppl thought of me. But ever since I came here, I've felt so small and unworthy compared to my peers. I constantly feel pressured to be like my hall mates, do what they do, say what they say and act 'cool', even though i don't even know what 'cool' is. I used to like being different and standing out in a crowd. I used to enjoy being myself, but all I want to do now is be one of them. I feel like everything is right, except being "me".
#3955 I did not get a job nor an internship at the career fair, but I got 13 shirts, 4 flash drives, 3 beer openers, 3 sets of earphones,a shot glass, and endless stickers, so I got that going for me
#3956 My birthday is actually one of the most depressing days of the year. The only thing some of my friends do is say happy birthday. It seems like everyone else gets surprise parties or surprise cakes or surprise presents. The only presents I ever get are from my parents.
#3957 Fire alarm in Maseeh but I'm not leaving. Gotta finish the 6.006 pset. #YOLO
#3958 I get really angry when I hear upperclassmen tell frosh that they shouldn't try in their classes because grades don't matter. This is a time where they should be figuring out how to work, and P/NR gives a safety net , not an excuse to punt. Maybe instead of criticizing frosh for being worried about the classes that seem easy to us (but are hard to them!), we should be encouraging them to work efficiently and learn the material.
#3959 Unlike many other people who frequently change their hair color, I do not have an active tumblr. I feel so isolated.
#3960 Why are these confessions always so depressing! Today I found out I didn't contract any STDs from having drunk unprotected sex with a stranger!!
#3961 Sometimes I smear my right hand with food, and imagine we're on a date. It's all I can do for good ole trusty righty. What a trooper!
#3962 I woke up covered in my own semen, Cool Ranch Doritos crumbs, and CLRS. What am I doing with my life?
#3963 I feel so great when I wake up in the morning, but then that feeling always gets sapped away by all you unexpressive fucks looking all "woe is me" in the infinite. Is it really so hard to smile and make eye contact? As the great Kendrick Lamar once said, "BITCH DON'T KILL MY VIBE!"
#3964 I got so horny today I masturbated in a bathroom stall off the infinite. My TA is so globbing gorgeous...
#3965 Sometimes I sprinkle nutmeg on my foot, and imagine my foot fungus is a marvelous mushroom cream sauce.
#3966 I have such a man crush on Franz Hover
#3967 Maybe 
Ageusiatic
Students
Enjoy
Eating 
Here
#3968 Boring
Ass
Kids
Every-night
Raging
#3969 I've never kissed anyone and now I'm afraid that any guy I get close to will judge me for it.
#3970 nothing makes me as happy as walking by the TEAL room and seeing the freshman suffering and realizing that im done with that for ever
#3971 Once again, there are no biotech or pharma companies at career fair. Why do I get the sense that the organizers aren't even fucking trying to get companies besides CS, MechE, consulting, and the government?
#3972 When is it socially acceptable to hit on your TA?
#3973 I haven't been feeling the same since my breakup... One minute I'd be fine and laughing with friends, but the next minute I'd be in my room crying. I haven't been feeling motivated at all recently, and I don't know what I'm doing with my life. I just want all this craziness to stop...
#3974 We are the Katara(s) to your Aang. Pls notice us in Next dining. ????
#3975 How do I tell you that I came back from the summer changed? That I can't stop thinking about him even when I'm with you? fml.
#3976 When I went to Shaw's today, I almost bought a cucumber from the produce section so that I could use it to masturbate.  Was deathly afraid of it breaking and getting stuck up in my vag....so I didn't do the thing :(
#3977 A friendly reminder to myself and others: you are so much more than who you are at your worst.
#3978 As I prefrosh I used my acceptance tube to store condoms.
#3979 I feel like September is just going to suck for me. I've made an uninformed travel decision which resulted in 1.5 additional hours of walking, Saturday's Boston Calling  was cancelled and reopened (though I only knew the latter after the fact), and I never saw the homework that was due today because the email was instantly buried by everything else. 

Just have to power through, I guess.
#3980 I do small amounts of crank everyday to help me focus on school work, also i am not the only one who does this. It helps a lot, which is kinda fucked.
#3981 I got gonorrhea from one of you nasty ass hoes I met on campus... You were one of the "butt cheek girls" and I was intrigued. So I invited you over and you soiled my beautiful majestic man stick
#3982 Every time I come back here I feel dumber and even less motivated. What am I even doing with my life?
#3983 i don't have class friday mornings, which means i will wake up in someone else's bed friday mornings.
#3984 I like to say that I love going hiking, but what I really mean is that I love getting stoned :D hehe cat's now out of the bag
#3985 Oh my god. 7.012 TA. Have my babies.
#3986 You couldn't pay me to go to Israel.
#3987 Blasting music from your room doesn't mean we can't hear you fucking.
#3988 November Rule? More like NO-vember rule! Y'know what I'm saying!!! *self-five*
#3989 There's this one Allied Barton security guard who works in Maseeh sometimes. Buff, reddish hair, used to play professional hockey, very charismatic.  I can't believe I'm saying this but I really want to get into bed with that guy.
#3990 I am currently studying for the MCAT and I've taken 8 practice tests.  For some reason, during the verbal sections I always get really, really horny and I have no idea why.  I can barely finish the (boring) verbal sections because I get so distracted by my raging hormones.
#3991 Labor Day and Welcome back! Hit me up at http://www.college-confessions.com/MIT 
#3992 that's a wrap! Have a great summer everyone!
#3993 I failed my only final. :(
#3994 Everyone I know seems to have it so together, and I thought I did too, but I failed most of my classes this semester. I thought I was doing well. I'm going to lose all my scholarships, and now I have to deal with the tornado that is my failing relationship with my parents. I have so much to do, and I just want to crawl under my blankets and sleep for a thousand years.
#3995 I'm always in pain whenever I take test in Johnson Track because  the chairs are too narrow for my wide child bearing hips.

I'm a guy.
#3996 Every time I open Grade Report, my impostor syndrome gets worse from seeing all the failing grades. I can't even talk about this with my girlfriend, because she's in worse shape than me. What the fuck am I supposed to do?
#3997 The tourist groups during finals week need to be banned.
#3998 albert meyer did us dirty on the 6.042 final. it ain't right
#3999 042 ..... WTF?????? AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.
Giving us twice the problems with like 4 times in depth in only twice the normal time ..... REALLLY?????????????????
#4000 I don't want to go to my internship this summer. The other interns are a bunch of assholes. Some of them contacted me, and I was friendly, but if I could not help them exactly the way they wanted me to, they were just rude. I contacted others with simple questions, and they did not reply, but they replied to the messages of other people....
#4001 The way I remember conservation of momentum for fluid mechanics: when giving head, you must use the right pressure and velocity with your tongue while varying elevation accordingly.
#4002 I know a girl who will be moving to my EC hall next semester, who "has no filter," who seems to think that it's her worst fault.  I don't think she realizes just how much I envy, respect, and love this about her.  It helps her somehow stay positive and smiling and energetic no matter how much shit gets thrown at her and no matter how hosed she gets.  I wish I knew where this strength comes from because fuck knows I need it.
#4003 MJ said that you miss a 1,000% of the shots you dont take. I'm always down for shots.
#4004 I think condoms are for GDI's
#4005 My relationship status at MIT, Te : n. amo , n. quiero, y. quila
#4006 I brought this chick back from dayglow. She looked like she was 15 but she moved like she was 18.
#4007 My roommate on the Linkin Park song "In the End": It's talking about getting a good GPA at MIT.
#4008 The hair of my mustache are so long that reach into my mouth. That's why when I introduce myself to girls, I call myself the "Walrus"
#4009 To the priveleged: remember that people have the right to speak out about their struggles. To the non-priveleged: remember that even priveleged people have struggles, albeit lesser ones, and see my previous point. Also, I really wish I didn't have to dichotomize into priveleged and non-priveleged, because it's not us and them. It's all of us together, especially at a place like MIT.
#4010 To 1270. I know who you are. I saw you some weeks ago. I wasn't going to say anything because I thought that you would change, but now that I see that you are even proud of it (putting it on MIT confessions), I want to help you and  share your pride with everyone. So I have some announcements with your picture, a picture of how you leave the toilets and a sentence that reads "I don't know how to flush the toilet, can you teach me?"
I plan to distribute it throughout MIT if you leave that nasty stuff again.
Glad that you are proud of your disgusting behavior, makes this so much easier.
Thanks!
#4011 I'm not sure if #1288 is directed at me, or it is just a similar case. But, in case it is, I would like to state this publicly (because the current couple of comments and 21 likes on that post piss me off). The truth is, you did things to me I had explicitly requested you not to do. Regardless of whether or not I slept with other people, this is bad. Although I don't care that much because it didn't end up resulting in pregnancy, I almost feel the responsibility to speak up/stand up for other women who may place more emotional/psychological value in sex. The reason I am keeping this secret in real life is purely for your sake, so if you keep that attitude up and piss me off more, maybe I WILL speak out. (and when I say, I don't care that much, I mean now that I know I'm not pregnant. The during the couple of weeks of absolute terror, I did care)
Now, regarding cheating, the agreement was don't ask, don't tell, and pretend I'm yours. You asked and gave me no choice but to tell. I wouldn't have told you otherwise.
#4012 I've been at MIT too long: I see times and dates as course numbers. 5/12 and 5/13? Flashbacks to panicking at seeing a molecule I can't possibly synthesize. 8:01 pm? Haha, glad I'm done with that confidence-sucking GIR. 10:10? Yay, glad I don't have to take that class.
#4013 The time I realized that I was an MIT student: The words "derivative," "differentiate," and "equivalence," were the most used vocabulary terms in my HASS essay.
#4014 Sometimes I question the people I am friends with. I generally like them but man sometimes I feel like I hate them, and it is for no particular reason... I guess I just feel like the only reason I am friends with them is to not be alone. But is that friendship?
#4015 I sext Siri #YOLO
#4016 I don't really know how to meet someone to start a relationship. I've never dated anyone before, and I feel like I'm really missing out on something special. No one has ever showed even the slightest interest in me, though, and I feel like no one will ever love me in that way.
#4017 I'm only accommodating to my more politically-correct friends because I don't want to be socially ostracized. Honestly, I want to syntactically shovel shit into their ears until the only option for them is to go tribal on my dumb ass.
#4018 I use my brass rat as a cock ring.
I didn't get it refitted.
#4019 I haven't been able to sleep more than 7 hours for the past two months and most nights, I get up after 5 hours of sleep.  And often those five hours, I dream of being awake.
It's gotten to a point that I don't feel like my body is my own anymore.  It's weird.  Everything is so surreal.
#4020 Disappointed at the lack of new confessions on here. Come on, people! We have procrastinating on studying for finals to do!
#4021 I think I have Phi Sig Fever
#4022 I feel like a pathetic desperate teenage girl chasing you when there are so many guys willing to chase me. What is wrong with me? I need summer to get here pronto.
#4023 You know those insecure people who always tell one-up stories, put down others, and dismiss everything as lame? So annoying...
#4024 Most of the time MIT seems like a pretty good size for a school but when you drunkenly hook up with somebody and never want to see them again it suddenly becomes really tiny
#4025 With the really high tree pollen count we've been having over the past few days, I've discovered a surprisingly effective remedy that really clears the sinuses: vigorous masturbation.

(Obviously actual sex works too, something about the hormones, but let's be real here, if you've as much snot gushing out of your nose as I do, your odds of getting laid are about the same as the NRA endorsing Obama)
#4026 Is a D in 6.01 passing? What if I'm 6-3?
#4027 It is fucking comical how a few people who fall into some sort of minority group think that they're entitled to be unaccepting assholes... and if anyone calls them out on it, they claim that those people can't do that because somehow that indicates a generalization that the whole minority group consists of assholes. Equality is not about going out on a crusade to even out how many wrongs each side has done. Let's take a classic example: just because you're a girl doesn't mean you should treat guys like shit. Just because someone hurt you doesn't mean you get to advocate for the person who looks the most like you because it's "more likely" that they were the one who got hurt. That shit is the reason feminist has devolved into a label I'd rather not have. And that's really, really sad, because so much could be done if we could all calm the fuck down.
#4028 ''Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, I think youre preety, so anal maybe'' is my most used pickup line on MIT girls. All I can say is that MIT girls are freaks.
#4029 Hey member of whatever team that practices until 2ish in the Dance Studio, next time you use the bathroom in McC, take care to listen to the sounds around you. I'm pretty sure I peed loud enough, but if that's not a clear enough message, just realize there's someone else in the stall next to you before you go and turn the damn lights off.
#4030 I made a mistake last semester. It nearly cost me my year at MIT. I feel so shitty just thinking about it. Though I managed not to lose a whole year, I did lose my friends. I wish I could redo it - but I can't. Thing is, I can't move on if you won't too; the pitiful look on your face everytime you see me kills me inside.
#4031 my boyfriend is so liberal, even his dick leans left.
#4032 Maybe I am in the minority:I thought the Fossil Free MIT blue ribbon tape was a pretty neat and effective way to broadcast their message. It certainly caught my attention. It was big and bold and impossible to avoid. I thought it was wasteful at first. Sure, they could have done something else, but any complaining about the blue ribbon tape is, I feel, quite unjustified. The only reason I see people complaining is because they are an environmental group; I am sad to see that the same people are not complaining about the yellow ribbon MIT Facilities puts up on Kresge nearly every week, in an absolutely futile attempt to keep the grass green. It is akin to criticizing them for putting up copious amounts of paper to broadcast their events, just like every single other student group on campus. Are we to restrict this group, that is fighting to combat global climate change, to solely forms of communication that in no way affect the environment? If you have to use a few trees, or use a few gallons of gas, in order to save billions of trees and human life as we know it, by all means, you have my blessing.

Thank you, Fossil Free MIT. I am not a member, but your display brought a great issue to light. Everyone is talking about it, and even if they are discussing it negatively, at least they are talking about it. Plus, you got a response from President Reif! Go you! Please continue to encourage people to divest from fossil fuels, and make the world a better place. And if you have to use a few yards of blue ribbon tape once every year, by all means, do so: I think the cause you are fighting for is a little bit bigger than a roll of blue ribbon tape.

Peace.
#4033 I spent way too long trying to figure out an 8.02 problem only to realize I was using my left hand....
#4034 Whenever I write anything down, I talk to myself in a British accent.
#4035 Honestly, the world's sensitivity has gotten out of hand. All of this uproar about sexism, racism, sexuality, etc has created an environment where cautiousness is valued over expression. Grow some thicker skin. The fact that people complain so much about these topics give the topics power over them. I'm part of a minority group and have heard my fair share of discrimination, but I honestly couldn't care what they.

Are other people's mental psyche so weak that they can't ignore strong words?
#4036 I hate having to get extensions because of my mental health issues. But it's impossible to get anything done on days when I'm only capable of crying and sleeping
#4037 All of my friends are bogged down with the idea of failure. They want things fast and now, and they don't understand that the wonderful things they're trying to do take time in which not many will appreciate their work. The lack of immediate success is not equivalent to failure, and I wish they could see that, although I understand that they need to fall upon this realization themselves.
#4038 I told my boyfriend to bite me harder. He wanted to know with how many newtons of force..
#4039 I kissed and touched one of my best friends, which I had wanted to do for a while... and to be honest, I enjoyed it quite a lot. Now I feel he doesn't want to talk to me anymore, and it breaks my heart to think our friendship is ruined.
:(
#4040 I hate it when people reply to confessions saying "Go to MIT Mental Health."  For two reasons: (1) that advice makes MIT Mental Health seem like a mystical black box in which your problems will be mitigated but it's not as simple as that and perhaps much more importantly (2) I once took that advice and was screwed over for a whole year.  I don't want to go into detail but they made me feel like complete shit.  I thought that maybe my experience was just especially awful but when I talked to friends, they said that they had similar experiences at MIT Mental Health.  I found out later that working it out with my boyfriend's help (who actually cared about me) was a lot better.  Sure, going to MIT Health was a good first step (made me realize I had a problem), it didn't help my problem at ALL.

So maybe try MIT Medical but I would definitely suggest telling some you trust your problems.  Maybe a parent, a sister, a uncle, a good friend, anyone.  It's so much more helpful than telling someone who just wants to check off boxes to diagnose you and throw pills at you.
#4041 I keep seeing these signs that are by "Queer West".  If I called a homosexual a queer, I would be called an intolerant bigot, yet they can post it all over campus.  Political correctness shouldn't be a one way street; either everyone can say it or nobody can.
#4042 How on earth is 6.005 a 12 unit class? Unless everyone in the class is travelling really fast, why on hell's name isn't it at least 18 units? I feel like it's one class where professors (and TAs) find solace in torturing the students.
#4043 Can I have Will Rutter follow me around and narrate my life? His voice is so gorgeous.
#4044 I was walking along the Harvard bridge on my way home on Monday.  The sky was blue, the sun was shining--and there was Fossil Free MIT blue tape caught all up in the railing of the bridge and some in the river.  

Congratulations, Fossil Free.  You have successfully pissed off the whole campus.
#4045 You told me we were exclusive. Then you secretly slept with other guys. And now you're mad that I asked you to stop? Don't accuse me of "perpetuating rape culture" and "not respecting feminist ideals" when there was an explicit monagamous understanding between us from the beginning. Feminism is about empowerment, equality, and respect - you just use it as a ticket to justify cheating. That kind of bullshit is the reason why no one has any idea what feminism actually stands for.
#4046 You know how the microwave smells a little weird sometimes?

I wake up early and microwave my boxers when I don't feel like doing laundry. Hygiene is important, folks!
#4047 I masturbate while studying. It helps me concentrate.

It's also a great memory aid during exams.
#4048 Every time I have one submission left on online questions, I am fairly certain of the answer. But that also means I'm slightly uncertain... Crap.
#4049 Of all the things the internet has gotten me to like ironically and then just plain enjoy unironically (Dubstep, My Little Pony), I have yet to find ass attractive.
#4050 About 20 minutes ago, someone asked me if I was wearing a corset.  I wasn't wearing one.  Not sure how I feel about this.
#4051 I fight my sexuality every day.
#4052 There's a guy I know from hanging out on his dorm hall a lot.  He calls everyone (even girls) "dude."  Maybe it's just my background/upbringing, but I find this annoying and kind of demeaning.  I'm not the type to call him out on it because it's clearly a habit.  It's just that even when I go out with people during the day (and therefore make an effort to look nice/kind of feminine with flattering clothes, makeup, etc), then go hang out on the hall right after, I still am addressed as "dude" instead of by my name, it hurts.  I know you're a really good person, and I have a lot of respect for you.  I just feel like I don't have your respect when you don't feel the need to call me by my name.  Names exist for a reason.  Use them more often than you do.
#4053 of our best confessions are featured in the 2014 Technique! Yay us!
#4054 I really liked the arrows/lines along the infinite... Can this be a permanent thing?
#4055 Sometimes when things aren't going well I just want to pull down my pants and be like "well at least I have this, bitches"
#4056 When I was younger I thought I would never develop an eating disorder because I loved food too much. Little did I know, bulimia is tailor-made for people like me. I need help.
#4057 2.007 taught me that it's better to be a smart quitter than a determined fool.
#4058 Despite being an environmentalist, I really don't agree with Fossil Free MIT. In particular, their decision to put a blue rope around campus is quite hypocritical and counter productive. Fossil Free MIT seeks to divest MIT away from fossil fuel and promote sustainability yet their blue ropes did just the opposite. 
1) Those blue ropes are mostly made out of petroleum, specifically polypropylene, which uses fossil fuels to produce and transport. 
2) The the extensive use of the tape is wasteful use of resource. If this was a PR stunt, very few people had the time to stop to actually read the text on the tape - most people viewed it as a construction caution tape. People probably viewed it as a nuisance than informative as it was spread all over the place and made our campus look aesthetically displeasing.
3) The tape harms the environment. If Fossil Free MIT cared about sustainability, they should have realized that some of the tape they place came undone and flew away. Much like littering, those tape pieces now have the potential to get stuck around a bird's wing, chock a bird who accidentally swallows it, pollute the Charles River, etc. Considering that the tape was made from petroleum, it most likely will not biodegrade, leading to long term waste. 
It is a shame that Fossil Free MIT cared more about their voice than their actions. Actions speak louder than words. Please don't harm the environment just so you can be heard.
#4059 Fun fact: I free ball 2 out of 5 days of the week to save on underwear
#4060 If one more person tells me how good Anna's is I am going to fly to California, buy a real burrito, come back here and beat them with it.
#4061 I hate when upperclassmen tell freshmen to stop complaining about work. Obviously the classes get harder, but freshman year isn't easy for for everyone.
#4062 I'm a sophomore and I have baby fever real bad.  I know I'm probably not going to start a family at least until after graduation, but I often wonder what it would be like to be pregnant and raise an infant during MIT undergrad.
#4063 I gave head in an empty classroom in 24 one night...
#4064 I am the mcc 7w pooper.
#4065 I can only feel for my friends who have had their homes in both DU and Bexley destroyed by MIT.
#4066 My neighbors were rudely blasting Frozen songs on repeat for days, so I'm blasting porn at an equivalent volume. Ah, music to my ears...
#4067 I've never swiped right and not had it be a match. Am I hot or are guys really that horny?
#tinder
#4068 After spending nearly a year here, I still have trouble spelling Massachusetts.
#4069 The 6.042 Professor points to the board with his middle finger. Must not like his subject that much.
#4070 I fucking hate how slow the internet is in my dorm.  I hope IS&T can do something soon because they clearly are not listening to my complaints.
#4071 That moment when you're finally learning about the *infamous* gameshow problem in your second semester of freshman year at MIT, and you realize that the kid in the movie 21 was a first semester senior when he was asked about this problem and got it right. No way that would have caught the professor's attention. I call BS on that whole movie.
#4072 Sometimes, deciding what library to pset in stresses me out more than the actual psets.
#4073 Am I the only one who thinks the Collier memorial is dumb? We don't have a memorial for Daniel Lewin, and MIT PhD student, founder of Akamai, and the 1st victim of 9/11. Name it the Collier quadrangle or something, but a big metal hunk "representing an open hand" (turned upside down, so I guess it's squashing him into the pavement) at the spot he was shot seems wrong.
#4074 Sometimes I talk to my stuffed animal
#4075 I never close the blinds when I jack off, because every other window in view of mine has its blinds closed all the time.
#4076 Yesterday, when I was passing through the infinite corridor, I saw a Indian couple walking down holding hands..looked really romantic...and when I was about to walk pass them, I hear the girl say-when I have a kid I am sending him here....best example of expectations when before a kid is born ..wow
#4077 I 69-ed for the first time last Saturday.
#4078 The only complaint I have about "sleep is for the strong" is that all of the people featured on the about page are female. A couple of the names listed below do appear to be male, but the highlighted people are all female. As a female student, I wish more care was taken to ensure that issues of academic rigor could not be construed as gendered.
#4079 Hello everybody. This is MIT speaking. No this is not a troll. Yes, it is actually the entity of MIT/the spirit of MIT/MIT incarnate speaking to you. And I have a motivational message for you.
Message: You should always tell yourself that you are beautiful, strong and capable individuals. Decades of personal observation have shown me that those who try this technique tend to lose hope and become sleep-deprived, emotionless, heartless social outcasts much slower than the rest of us do here, even though you all will get to that at some point. But you should disregard the fact that I, MIT, will screw you and believe that you are strong, beautiful and capable, even though you aren't. I just wanted to inspire you to believe that you are capable of overcoming any of the various difficulties I have designed to break your spirit, though in fact you never will. Anyways, keep smiling that big smile of yours, which incidentally makes you seem ignorant of all the devils and plagues of thirst, hunger and p sets that I have lined up fr you, and have a great day!
MIT over and out
#4080 Am I the only one extremely annoyed with this "sleep is for the strong" campaign? They've been spamming everywhere about it multiple times, and have signs everywhere.

What are they actually hoping to accomplish? Awareness isn't going to do anything about the fact that MIT is hard, it's the toughest school in the world for a reason. I chose to go to this school because of the challenge, and accept the fact that "sleep is for the weak". Focusing your time into this campaign is, in my opinion, a waste of time.
#4081 Please do not eat during class. I've skipped lunch just to go to lecture, only to have people come in 15 minutes late and fill the whole room with the smell of their teriyaki or whatever.
#4082 Sometimes I say I can be contacted for follow-up in surveys because I want human interaction.
#4083 If i have to wipe somebody else's piss off the seat before I take a shit one more time, I'm going to murder someone.
#4084 went to the track meet last weekend..... damn, sooo much ass
#4085 I get that MIT girls are into books so much so that they generally don't care about guys, but what exactly do you MIT girls do when it's Friday night and you're horny as hell?
#4086 I'm so tired of the assholes who complain about how unattractive the opposite sex is at MIT. Stop acting like you're hotter than you are. When you say you have zero options at this school, nobody is impressed. You just look like an arrogant prick. There are so many attractive MIT students, and they're also smart and interesting as shit.
#4087 So today I found myself spending time with a small group of friends that I recently got acquainted with and at one point I got a little overwhelmed at how close they were. They were basically brothers and sisters. The way they went through pictures of their time together, fondly recollecting their memories honestly left me a little jealous, and made me feel like I was intruding. I'm not saying I don't have any friends, but I wish I had relationships like that, it must be a very happy way to live.
#4088 Seriously, I hate the UGC.  Why are we forced to donate to an organization when honestly my only affiliation to them is them wasting my time telling me about we do.  It's not that I have a problem donating to the different projects that the public service center funds, but when you waste my time trying to talk to me when I'm trying to get to class or lunch it really makes me not care about the cause. In fact, it really irritates me.  I'm not against public service, in fact I'm in support of it.  But a donation is not a donation if you're being almost harassed if you don't do it.
#4089 MIT Medical why do you make me go through a primary care provider to get tested for STI's?! I don't have a primary care provider and I don't want to have to wait until I get one and can get an appointment which can take quite a while to be tested. STI's are the sort of thing that it is better to let students get tested for SOONER rather than LATER. This really, REALLY should be available through urgent care.
#4090 When I woke up this morning, one of my contacts was in my hair.
#4091 I just declared my major based on my favorite number.
#4092 I don't own a Dropbox t-shirt.
#4093 With the shutdown of DU, MIT takes another step towards truly becoming Weenie Hut Juniors'.
#4094 To the guy with the red-tipped mohawk who told me and my friends about the giant penis hack, you are a great storyteller and that's really attractive.
#4095 I feel pretty dumb for having to drop an intro class my freshman spring. And because of the credit limit, I'm down to 42 units. I feel like it puts me behind in my plans since I'll have to retake it later (it's a req for my potential major), and it makes me wish I'd started the semester differently. I wish I'd taken advantage of P/NR by finding out how much I could handle and developing good study habits. I wish I'd prepared over IAP, and I wish I hadn't started to procrastinate the very first day. I feel like I'm STILL in the process of figuring out what works for me, and it took a toll on my performance. I don't want to wish all these things because there's no use in wishing, but I can't help but let it bother me. I don't want it to bother me because there's nothing I can do about it now. But it does.
#4096 The most valuable lesson I've learned in college (so far) is that the key to moving forward is learning when to take a step back. Taking the extra time to introspect allows you to better visualize your future, and it often lets you explore doors to amazing possibilities you might never have considered otherwise. To all my fellow peers who have ever felt hopelessly behind or incompetent in TFP in any way, I encourage you to treat your MIT experience (and beyond) not as a race, but as a marathon. It's been said before, but truly each and every one of you is here for a reason-- not just for what you've accomplished, but for your potential. If you take the time to appreciate and believe in your own potential, no firehose will ever be powerful enough to knock you down.
#4097 Dear people currently taking 7.013 it is a common courtesy in a lecture hall to shut the fuck up when the teacher is talking.  Whining to the person next to you about your first world problems and then asking what was that the professor wrote on the board is NOT OKAY!!! If you want to talk GTFO and talk outside.
#4098 A friend of mine died almost a year ago. He killed himself a week or so after the bombings. I know it wasn't my fault but I should have been a better friend and been there for him when he needed.

Almost a year later, and I still have recurring nightmares that his ghost is haunting me. 

I feel like I should tell someone, but I don't want my family to worry and few of my friends even know this happened. I'm afraid if I tell anyone they'll tell me to go to Mental
Health, which I won't do for other personal reasons.
#4099 6.046 totally kicks my ass. I try hard, but I just think I'm too slow at coming up with the algorithms or finding the trick. I wanted to MEng, but I'm already at the borderline of the GPA and I doubt this semester will help...
#4100 I'm secretly way more shallow about looks than any of my friends would believe. I Facebook stalk spring break pictures of attractive girls, not sexually, but just because I'm jealous of their lives. I've never really worried too much about grades or classes; more than anything, I wish I was hot.
#4101 know people don't like it when I make comments about the confessions, but I can't just sit back on this one. I think we all have a right to be upset about what happened a year ago yesterday. The bombings happened right across the river in the city we currently live in. Of course we're going to want to help out as much as we can; we feel like we relate to this incident more. Sure, there have been situations overseas that have led to more casualties, but god damn man, just because we don't personally know victims of the bombings doesn't mean we aren't #BostonStrong. Get your head out of your ass and let us, as a school and as a city, come together. Don't tell us what to do.

The 'confession' is posted below. As always, feel free to comment/debate. 

Personally, the bombings last year (since they happened 20 minutes after I left the finish line where I was watching the marathon), made me realize that life is precious and short, and that I shouldn't take anything for granted. So, excuse me for wanting to be #BostonStrong.

Also, don't talk shit about this amazing country we live in. Merica.

#1233 'Can we take a moment to see why the world hates America so much?

4 people died. Dozens were injured. #BostonStrong was the most tweeted hashtag for weeks after the event. The One Fund raised over $100 million to support the victims. New Balance is advertising their new "Boston" shoes. Someone at Wellesley wrote a song commemorating the occasion, and 100 people sang it on the radio.

Now imagine watching all this from the point of view of a man in Syria who just lost his home and family in a bombing. Or from the POV of a Sudanese boy whose arm was cut off via machete by rebel forces. Or from the POV of a human trafficking victim who gets raped every day. Or from the POV of a Vietnamese slave working in triple digit weather building skyscrapers in Dubai.

And not to mention: most MIT kids don't even know a victim of the bombings. Most of you sat at home watching the TV while police led a wild goose chase for 2 small time terrorists. Please tell me how you are #BostonStrong.

Tragedies happen every day. What happened to quiet resilience? What happened to keeping your head down and moving on with life when bad things happen?

Americans are the best in the world at blowing smoke up their own arses. But hey, whatever makes you feel important. #BostonStrong #BornInTheUSA'
#4102 I've hidden the body in your closet. You know who you are.
#4103 I met this really, really cute Indian guy in East Campus. He's a Course 6 major, has this really hot accent, and has got a killer mustache, all 3 things in 1 package. He's my dream man, and I have no idea how to approach him. I don't even know if he knows I exist....
#4104 I think I might have grinded on Gauss last night at kappa sig.
#4105 Well, since I now know he reads this (lol @Confession #1214), I think Adam Hartz is downright awesome. I totally tanked the first 6.01 exam and met with him to talk about it. He gave me advice about how to approach the course and to just not stress about the grades. He seems to *really* care about whether or not we understand we're learning, and while I guess (and would hope) that's true for a lot of teachers, I still think Adam deserves a shout-out!
#4106 Some days the only motivation I find to keep me going is the deep belief that a highly intellectual and advanced generation from the 23rd century are monitoring all the people of my time and scavenging for the most intelligent and evolved among us to transport those chosen few through time so they can join the future…and I really wanna make the cut.
#4107 To MIT greek people:  I'm an affiliated guy, and it really bothers me that my brothers and a lot of fraternities shit on PBE so much during/after this weekend. If they showed the prefrosh a good time, that's going to get them more excited about MIT. If guys want to join their fraternity because of how good of a time they had there, then that's their decision. Everyone wants to be in a fraternity they can enjoy and be proud of. I know a lot of us "dislike" their CPW shirts, but I have had conversations with guys in a couple fraternities (LCA and Phi Sig specifically) and we agreed it's only because they are better than our own. We all joined greek life for some reason, and all greek life improves this school. There's no reason to shit on each other. To guys in PBE, congrats on a very exciting CPW weekend. You have shown us all how powerful of a presence you can become over just one weekend.
#4108 I'm just really frustrated with the lack of respect for elbow space that is going on in MIT lecture halls. You have a desk. You have a place for your elbow for the hand that you are writing with. Your other elbow should be sitting calmly in your lap, NOT TAKING UP SOMEONE ELSE'S ELBOW SPACE. Why are there so many people in direct violation of the elbow rule?? If my elbow is trying to regain lost ground by pushing against your elbow, person sitting next to me in lecture, don't dig your elbow in deeper, MOVE YOUR FUCKING ELBOW. Don't even get me started about foot space. JUST KEEP YOUR FUCKING ELBOWS TO YOUR MOTHERFUCKING SELF.
#4109 I want to punch everyone who can't eat quietly and not let the entire room know they're chewing
#4110 I am stunned at the 2017 class council's show of abject discrimination in their ticket sales for the Spring Formal. They advertised in their emails to the 2017 class that they would be selling tickets in dorms, but not a single East Campus dorm was listed as an option. Really? Not even a single attempt at reaching out to over 150 of your fellow class members? I'm devastated at this display of incompetence. The student center, evidently, counts as a dorm while we evidently do not. Such fail. So wow. Much disappoint.
#4111 if a guy tells you that he wants to "just be friends," run the other direction and don't look back. love yourself and leave that fuckboy alone.
#4112 Back home it was something to be incredibly attractive, social, athletic, and smart. At MIT there are so many people like that it almost doesn't matter anymore
#4113 Jeremy Brown kid is not a real person.
#4114 So even when I'm super hosed (like right now), I try to stay positive, especially around other people who are also hosed.  My logic is that maybe if they're not completely surrounded by misery and psets and exams looming on the horizon, they'll feel a little better and be happier/more productive.
But when I crack, I really REALLY crack.  I get sad, I cry a little, I hate everything, I isolate myself or calmly tell people I can't avoid that I just don't want to see anyone right now.  The people I hold close to me are suddenly fucking annoying.  I get jealous of people who are more hosed because I feel like they're smarter than me for taking harder classes, and I get jealous of people who are less hosed than me because they can handle their shit better than I can.  The only person who's seen me crack is someone who doesn't even go here and is in another country right now but still loves me to death.  I'm afraid of cracking again and not having anyone to help me through it when I need someone.
#4115 They say having a girlfriend is like taking an extra 12 unit class. My girlfriend is a fucking 36 units class. Moral of the story is don't go into a relationship... It's a trap. Run for your lives! #BeSingle #SingleIsAwesome #Freedom
#4116 I *really* want to give someone a hickey right now.
#4117 Whenever I'm working on a physics or math problem, I can feel the presence of Newton and Einstein and other relevant figures standing behind me, looking over my shoulder and laughing at every mistake I make then shaking their heads at my ignorance. The horror.
#4118 I get pretty angry whenever I see people riding bikes without wearing helmets.
#4119 I want to be charming, confident, tall, beautiful. I want to have perfect skin, a hobby that I'm good at, and a great sense of fashion. I wish my hair was long and wavy. I wish I don't eat entire boxes of oreos on a daily basis. I wish I looked good in a bikini. I wish I can turn some heads. I hate how I want any of those things, but I still want them sooo bad.
#4120 I need to stop convincing myself that I can study on my bed. :( #getwrecked
#4121 I literally solved the maze by hand to find the shortest path instead of coding it.
#4122 Sometimes I read posts on MIT Confessions, and overanalyze them into thinking that they're about me. But then I remember: less people give a shit about your life than you think. They've got their own shit to worry about. No one actually cares. Don't be so conceited! :)
#4123 I much prefer having sex in empty classrooms to having sex in my own room.
#4124 How is it that my friends can be on their computers and phones during class, never take notes, skip lecture, and still do better than I do? I know people have different study habits, but still.
#4125 People who don't wear shoes are disgusting
#4126 I'm tired of people using how busy they are as excuses to be shitty ass human beings. No! Like, you're not even trying. Fuck you.
#4127 I just broke up with a long-distance longterm girlfriend and all I want to do is have some mindless casual sex but something is keeping me from doing so and I'm going nuts
#4128 I'm addicted to interviewing for UROPs.
#4129 I just found out MIT has a football team.
#4130 My dads gave me advice when I was young. They said that "you can jerk off some of the dicks some of the time, but you can't jerk off all of the dicks all of the time." That still rings true to this day.
#4131 I'm a freshman happy with my academics, social life, dorm, blah blah.  I'm obviously happy and thankful for this, but try as I might I can't seem to find a girlfriend.  I like to think I'm at least somewhat smart, handsome, and nice - what am I doing wrong?
#4132 That moment when you find someone you really love... but you are graduating and moving away next year #collegerelationships
#4133 I feel like I develop serious crushes on people way too fast. I'm not sure how to deal with having so many crushes!
#4134 I wish there was an organization where you can decide to donate all of your organs, and they would euthanize you and give your very healthy organs to people who need them.
#4135 I feel like my roommate and I  are as separate as heaven an earth. He's so good at dealing with things like pressure, deadlines and classes. And I feel like I'm just scrambling to scrape by. And I feel bad whenever I have to ask him for help on something. It really makes me question coming here in the first place. I knew I wouldn't be close to the best, but I've never felt this low before.
#4136 Every time I submit an answer to a 6.01 Online Tutor Problem, I have to wait 1-2 seconds to see if I got it right.  During those couple of seconds, I always feel like I'm getting a pole shoved up my ass.  It's just too fucking nerve-wracking.
#4137 I know that everyone shits, but I get so embarrassed when people hear me do it. If someone else is peeing in the other stall, I hold it in until they leave. If the other person is also taking a shit, I cover my ears and hope they leave soon. And when I'm done, I wait until everyone at the sink has left the bathroom so they won't know it was me.
#4138 Monday after spring break. i am already fucking exhausted
#4139 I wish companies could just reject me right away instead of giving me false hope by interviewing me several times.
#4140 My lab partner pretends to be retarded, so I do all the work for every lab and I work so hard that we are always one of the first to finish. However he got almost 10 points higher than me on the midterm. How is that fair?
#4141 I started dating my former MIT best friend last semester. She was amazing, and she made my life brighter every single day.

I'd rush doing my P-sets and Labs so that I could do something amazing with her.

Then, this semester, everything changed. She would just ignore me, and get angry at me for no reason. She would ignore me, make me suffer and cry, and never say sorry. She really made me sad. We broke up a while ago and don't talk to each other anymore. 

I feel kinda lost, and all the energy that I had for P-sets and Labs are gone. Even though it is silly, I'd do them earlier and faster to stay with her. Now I can't see a reason to do them... Not doing them make me worried, and by being worried about them, I don't get worried about all my other problems [one of the reasons I liked to be with her was to forget the world for a while...].
#4142 everyone has a great day back at classes! #finalstretch #lehgo #IHTFP
#4143 All my documents submitted to Pharos are named "asdf."
#4144 My relationship with my friends is very asymmetric. I know what their UROPs are on, what classes they're really enjoying this semester, what fields they want to go into after MIT, etc. Things like that.

They've never ever asked me what my UROP is on, or what I want to do after MIT, much less anything else. I'm a senior, and these are my "closest" friends.
#4145 The main thing I've learned at MIT is how to become really detached and unproductive when I get stressed out
#4146 Truth is, I'm really anti-social and the whole "college experience" is just driving me nuts. I just wish I could lock myself in my room and self-study for the rest of my life.
#4147 I'm a pre-frosh, admitted EA and as an athlete. Despite the "athlete" tag, I still hang out with a lot of the "academic" kids at my school. It's Ivy day, and my friends are all getting into most of the schools they applied to, but I've only been rejected. I've even gotten rejected from a couple schools that are supposed to be much less selective than MIT. 

Honestly, I'm not as smart as my friends. I don't try as hard on every little assignment. I'm even having trouble coherently writing this post. I don't feel like I deserve to be admitted. It feels like all my (very few) accomplishments are hollow. Lots of my A's were borderline and probably should have been B's, all I really did was dink around in my oh-so desirable lab job, and I'm not even that good at the sport I was recruited for. And now that some of my friends admitted to MIT are treating it like its nothing, just another option they are hardly considering, and that I was only admitted because I'm an athlete… I don't know what to think. 

Everyone has been talking about imposter syndrome and that we all belong here for a reason. I feel like whatever MIT thinks my reason is, whether it is athletics or extracurricular activities or academics, I still don't deserve to be at a place as great as MIT.
#4148 I'm so fucking done with rejection. I've been rejected from every internship I've applied to and freshman are probably having more luck than me. Course VI was supposed to be a happy job land, and all I'm getting is a bunch of 'you weren't good enough'  responses. I'm tired of my peers doing way better than me. I'm tired of these constant reminders of my inferiority and stupidity. With every rejection, I feel less like the brass rat I'm about to earn means anything to me anymore, and I don't think I deserve it. I just want assurance, plans to have, and instead I have the fear that I'll never catch up embracing me.
#4149 I have a new term for everyone. It's adopted from GA Tech. TBS. aka Tech Bitch Syndrome, where girls who weren't all that great in highschool  all of a sudden realize that they're better looking than the majority of the girls at a tech school and end up thinking that they're hot shit.

You're Welcome
#4150 I can't wait until it is warm outside and I can wear nice summer dresses that make me feel comfy but also beautiful, that flow in the wind and make me feel free, go perfectly with cute sandals and also a big sun hat, that will give me cool tan lines and compliment my skin even more...and, most importantly, that are so much easier to put back on after sex.
#4151 She insists she only said no because she was tired.
She insists she enjoyed it.
She insists I'm making a big deal over nothing.
But I still don't know how to feel about the fact that under a reasonable definition, I raped my girlfriend last week.
I thought I was a feminist and consent-culture person.
#4152 Rejection stings. No matter how hard I try, I am constantly rejected, by "friends," by girls, by student groups, and by internships. I feel rejected by life. There is not one thing that I can do right. Everywhere I go, I am the butt of other people's jokes. I am running out of things to cling on to. Some people struggle academically but have a large support group, while others excel in their fields but might feel lonely. I'm a complete failure, academically and socially. I feel like I am wasting my time and others' each and every day. I am there but it doesn't matter to them. No one takes me seriously. I want out.
#4153 It's easy to fall into depressed and over-worked states here at MIT, and I think we all could benefit from sometimes just stepping back and being thankful. Thankful for what is, rather than for what isn't. Of course, there are always things that need fixing around campus, but there's a lot we take for granted.
#4154 It bothers me that the "MIT" in "Mit Compliments" is not capitalized.
#4155 someones day and give them a compliment!
https://www.facebook.com/mit.compliments.7
#4156 If bon appetit does not give breakfast during spring break (also thanksgiving), they should compensate for those meals and give us our money back. After all, we paid for 14 meals a week (or 12 or 10...). Also, why would they limit the dates when we can use guest passes, they conveniently do not let us use them during orientation, when many of us have our family visiting. I tried to tell this to MIT housing and they told me they couldn't do anything about it!!! We, as students, did not looked for bon appetit; we were obligated to have a meal plan, so it is MIT housing's responsibility to make sure that they give us a fair deal. We should get together and maybe then, it will not only be one student's complaint, but a real issue among MIT students.
#4157 If I were given the opportunity, I would treat you like the lovely and beautiful lady you are. It hurts to see you talking to other people, but I see it makes you happy so then I become more than satisfied. Just keep smiling, I will be there if you ever need me.
#4158 Ever since I got into MIT, a lot of neighbors and family friends have been constantly bothering my parents by asking them how I got into MIT. After my parents tell them my SAT scores, my activities, and my awards, they always say something like, "That's all? I know a lot of people who did better than that and got rejected." 

To tell the truth, I'm a pretty average girl who worked really hard and got really lucky. I'm really grateful to be at MIT, but I feel really bad about all the people who accomplished more than me and didn't get in. I kind of feel like the only reason I got in is because I'm a girl.
#4159 I feel like I don't connect well with the people I'm living with, and I feel left out a lot of the time. I've considered switching living groups but I don't really know anyone well outside of my own, so it'd be an awkward transition, not to mention I may go somewhere that I dislike even more than where I am now. I'm not sure what I can do right now to branch out and make friends, besides wait for next year when clubs open up to new members again...
#4160 I got into something half a year ago. Very often I feel he is not right for me. I keep making concessions, but the few times things go right make me stay. My brain screams I should get out to protect myself, that he is not worth it... but I love him. I am conflicted and do not know what to do.
#4161 I have two beds in my room, because once my (probably ex by the time this is posted) girlfriend said she would come sleep with me sometimes. But she never came.  (By sleeping, I do mean sleep. I don't mean sex nor anything related)

I wish I haven't moved from a double to a single now... It feels too lonely.  Sometimes I sleep in the lounge just to have the company of other people.

I jokingly invite friends to sleep in my room, really wishing one of them would say yes.   I have trouble sleeping now that I'm feeling very depressed, and having someone sleeping near me relaxes me, and makes me incredibly happier. 

I wish someone reading that would come sleep in my room or invite me to theirs. I can make you breakfast if you want :)...
#4162 I think women and men should have the same physical standards in the military. No one's gonna go easy on someone in combat because they're a girl, why should we expect less from them physically?
#4163 A girl asked if I wanted to come back to her room after hooking up at a party...
I turned her down because I had a PSET to do..... #strugglebus #clearlygoodlifechoices
#4164 I've been so miserable lately. I haven't had the strength to tell you. Maybe you've noticed how dead I am inside, and maybe you haven't. I know things are hard for you, please take better care of yourself, because right now, I barely have what it takes to keep myself moving.
#4165 I am sad that MIT confessions no longer gets regularly updated. NOW HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO PROCRASTINATE
#4166 This isn't a game to me. If you actually want to listen to what I have to say, then come listen to it. All you've done is lie to me, which hasn't made me feel any better, and it doesn't look like you're any better off for it either. Can we just be reasonable with each other?
#4167 When my friends complain about how bad their weeks are, I try to comfort them and be sympathetic. But when I complain about how bad my week is, they just talk about how theirs is even worse. Since when did being hosed become a competition?
#4168 My advisor told me I needed to stop being so sociable and outgoing because my studies are suffering from it...I didn't tell him that I already had and have been trying my hardest and am still struggling.
#4169 seeing the way 2016's ringcomm got ridiculed makes me hesitant to apply
#4170 When people say "I will be here for you!" to a depressed person, they literally never mean it.  Depression doesn't just go away after a few days people.  "Being there" may sound like a romantic concept at the time (it will be just like the movies, a best friend holding a best friend's hand as they go through a tough night) but it may encompass a year of watching them slowly make strides and slip and fall.  It's been a little over a year for me.  

And just when I started to think I trust you, you pulled the rug.  I don't blame you though.  Everyone can only take so much.
#4171 I secretly want to drop out and start a food-truck empire.
#4172 I find it so cute when my girlfriend does her right hand rule with her left hand.
#4173 How do I stop getting curved by this girl that I like so much here? She's not really that responsive to me. Should I continue trying to court her or should just stop?
#4174 I'm a returning student, I live off campus and I have no friends at MIT. I don't get invited to parties or hang out, I have to do my psets by myself and going through the MIT experience of my own is soul crushing.
#4175 I'm not sure if he's gay or he's just being nice.
#4176 I looked at the date...3/15/2013... today four years ago my friend saved me from getting hit by a semi-truck when I unknowingly walked into traffic. If it weren't for her, I wouldn't be here right now. Thank you.

<submitted 3/15/2013>
#4177 Sometimes I feel like I am just not girlfriend material. I feel like no one is attracted to me in that way.
#4178 Me and my roommate enjoy vaginal snuggling. Looking for people to join.
#4179 Why is there so much hate for premeds at MIT? I told a few of my close friends that I want to be a doctor and now none of them are talking to me....
#4180 I've been so flirty with many men that it has now become an issue. Now, it's harder for me to tell a guy that I truly like him, because probably he still thinks that I'm a man whore.
#4181 I hope people don't look at the UA Elections. Let's be better than making it a popularity contest. We should be encouraged to make our decisions on who is the most qualified, not who has the most friends.
#4182 I'm a little frustrated when people say it's about studying smarter... It's nothing personal - it's just that I'm doing everything I need to to maximize the material I learn when I am in study mode. I think the problem is me - I've always been the kind of student who needs to repeat a problem -10 extra times before I get it. I was the slowest student in my high school AP classes and I feel like I'm still the slowest student here. It's disheartening to watch all your other friends understand it the first or second time around, but it's something I've grown to accept. Also, seeing reactions or patterns in my classes isn't intuitive to me as professors often say. Perhaps, I do understand the reactions/patterns/math/etc.; I'll feel proud of myself, and I'll feel confident about taking that test. But if that professor places it on the test with an extra (by extra I mean huge) twist, you can bet your dog biscuits I will not see it - I'll try to, but I won't think of it there on the spot. 
It's not ignorance. 
It's not laziness. 
It's not about studying smart - I'm sure that benefits a lot of other people. 
No, I know the problem is me and that's alright.
#4183 As much as I try not to, I think unnaturally dyed hair is completely dysfunctional.
#4184 People say that in college you can only do two of the following three things: have friends, do work, and sleep.  At MIT, I feel like the balance of these things are so skewed.  You can either just do work or you can have friends and sleep.
#4185 Last week, I saw a girl crying in a bathroom. Instead of saying something comforting, I quickly looked away and left. I wish I hadn't, because I know exactly how that girl feels and, from personal experience, it's always better to have a shoulder to cry on (even if it's the shoulder of a stranger) than to cry by yourself, which is what I'm stuck doing right now.
#4186 I can't tell if this guy is just being nice or if he's into me. He's probably just being nice, and I'm just thirsty as fuck.
#4187 Whenever I'm having struggles, I like to open up to my friends about it and maybe get some advice. However, I notice that my friends are now all going through their own struggles. I'm trying my best to be there for them, but they refuse to open up to me. I want to help out and return the favor, and it just annoys me that they're depriving me of that opportunity. I can't talk to them about this though because, like I said, they're all having their own struggles to deal with right now.

I'm also not sure if I should continue to tell them my struggles, because it just seems unfair of me to do that. I really don't know how to deal with a situation like this. These are my closest friends, and I don't want to be pushed away...
#4188 Remember guys, you're at the best university in the world. I'm on leave from MIT, taking classes elsewhere, and things are just not the same. It's a huge eye opener. From personal experience, I can say that at any other school you would be getting straight A's even with your hands tied behind your back. Believe in yourself because you really are gosh-dolly-darn smart. With a little bit of hard work, you can succeed at MIT too :)
#4189 I know it's just a game to you, but I can't separate what's true and what's not anymore. This hurt me so much worse than I thought it would, so much worse than before. I can't sleep, I can't eat, I'm wandering around like a ghost, and every time things seem better, I discover something else, something worse, something that makes me feel sick to the stomach. The little bit of bread I did manage to make the effort to put in my mouth, I had to spit out a good half of it. And I want to go back and listen to what you have to say but chances are you won't understand. It's all a game to you. I should have known that.
#4190 I'm afraid to tell people that I think I killed it on the 6.01 Midterm.
#4191 I use my shot glass as a measuring device
#4192 I'm in love with my best guy friend. He's all I can think about.
#4193 I honestly feel like I haven't gotten the full freshman experience with the Boston ban in effect.

The administration and UA dropped the ball on getting this resolved as soon as possible and it's a shame to have to think about what this year could have been instead of what it is right now. The UA should have pressured the administration in turn to make Boston act more rapidly in resolving this issue in the first place.

This only shows how ineffective and irrelevant the UA is to managing and improving student life...so much for having someone to stand up for you against the administration.
#4194 I think about killing myself all the time. I get so stressed out but I have no one to talk to. Medlinks are legally bound to report me if I talk to them. All that will happen then is MIT will kick me out. That solves nothing.
#4195 I'm looking for a UROP for the summer.  If I don't get one, I'll have to find 2-3 jobs in the city if I want to stay here at MIT.  But right now every single research topic/group that I've pulled up on the department site I'm interested in seems to be WAY over my head.  I've never done research before, and I'm interested in a department that I had zero experience in prior to coming to MIT.  I don't know how the fuck I'm going to get a UROP that excites me and is still doable, and I don't know why anyone would be crazy/daring enough to take me on in their research group.  What am I even doing here?
#4196 I feel like I'm drowning. Everything is so hard. Everyone is so much smarter and seems to pull off high test scores effortlessly while I work my ass off and get worse scores. I don't know what to do.
#4197 Just read a bunch of these to procrastinate doing work, and to those complaining about not being able to find girls interested in anal, that's sad, but I promise, there ARE girls who like anal. There are girls who LOVE anal and are frustrated by how many men are not into it. That is all.
#4198 not much is worse than seeing an attractive person in the hallway, not knowing who they are, and then never seeing them again
#4199 I find the discourse around "yellow fever". If a white guy has a preference for Asian girls it is a creepy fetish likened to a disease. Yet preferences for the same race are considered unremarkable.
#4200 I'm sick of being told how easy my classes should be
#4201 I can help you with the pset, but I'm not going to walk you through the whole problem step by step when you haven't even tried it first or read the question yet. So annoyed...
#4202 I hate the election period for UA presidents. No one knows if people are doing it just for the title especially when 2 of the 3 candidates this year are premed..
#4203 I just need to talk, yet whenever someone asks I always say "I am fine." I don't even have the courage to admit that I am not fine.
#4204 I love you, but given our situation, I'm not willing to wait for you. I lied--about being interested in someone else--to try and help myself get over you. And I'm scared, because I'm probably making a mistake, but mostly--I love you. I'm sorry. I'll try to stop.
#4205 I count sex as getfit minutes.
#4206 Every time I see one of the admissions officers, I really want to hug them for letting me in to MIT!
#4207 i understood the material for 8.02 and studied really hard for the exam, but still ended up failing it pretty badly. maybe i'm just not cut out to be here :( it's really hurting my self confidence.
#4208 I was working on finishing a pset and had to poop but the problem was really easy so I ended up just solving it out on toilet paper while pooping.
#4209 I like to look at questions on piazza before a midterm, just to feel good about myself.
#4210 Why is everyone so liberal here?  I thought at a top school like MIT people would be smart enough to realize that Obama and his fellow democrats are ruining this once great nation.
#4211 if someone tells you that you have BO, consider taking a goddamn shower before you get pissed off about being told about it
#4212 I feel like a fucking idiot for not being able to land a course 6 internship. Why is every student here way more capable than me? It's haunting to wake up every morning expecting yet another rejection letter from a company I truly loved because my competition was my classmates.
#4213 To all the people complaining about white privilege:

Listen, white or not white, we all have struggles. And I know you feel hated on because everyone says you get special treatment and all minorities are oppressed because of it, and they're totally milking it and blah blah blah.
But just imagine--with all the hardships that EVERYONE has to go through, it would be nice for people of color to not get judged simply for being of color. To not be doubted on a daily basis about their intellectual ability because "they're only here because of affirmative action." It would be nice to not get looked at funny when you go to a store and are followed around by (usually white) employees because not being white apparently makes you a shoplifter. It'd be nice to walk down a street without people clutching their purses or children closer, or CROSSING THE FUCKING STREET because they're scared to pass you because you're not white so you MUST be a criminal. It would be nice to not have to worry about your parents being discriminated against and not realizing it because you're not there to understand when someone throws racial slurs at them and since they don't understand because English just happens to be a bitchy language to learn, all they can do is smile and greet them. Or to be worried that you're not there to translate your younger siblings' school papers to them so they don't always know what's going on. Is it really too much to ask to be treated fairly? I mean, look at what society is calling people of color. MINORITIES. They are automatically labeled as something INFERIOR. 
So please. If you're gonna go complaining because you're always seen as just another good citizen while people of color are constantly being accused of being criminals of the world for not having been born white, or because on top of all your other problems you AT LEAST have to deal with people seeing you as THE MINORITY--go do it with other privileged human beings and stop asking the people that are currently on the short end of the stick to feel sorry for you. And if you're trolling, go make yourself useful and do something nice for people for a change. The world is fucked up enough without you making people's lives even more annoying to deal with.

P.S. Also, FYI, that's only SOME of the shit a Latina has to go through. So fuck off.

P.S.S. Can we please all stop being racist now and go back to posting confessions about having sex in random places and stuff? MIT is bitchy enough without this bullshit and I like seeing how creative people can be (you know, regardless of their race).
#4214 don't have to be black to live in Chocolate City. CC doesn't select solely based upon color of skin. It is a brotherhood open to people who are culturally a good fit for the environment. People should stop assuming things about certain living groups on campus, CC being one of them.
#4215 I've been casually following another page called "MIT confessions" for a few months now... only today did i actually look at the profile picture of that page and see that it was an indian school called "Moradabad Institute of Technology"
#4216 I've been rejected by every girl I like. I wonder if it's because I rarely take showers.
#4217 I had sex with my UROP graduate advisor, while we were still in lab.
#4218 I masturbated in lecture yesterday.
#4219 Disrupting the exam review session AND class the next day to get signatures to run for the UA was immature, annoying, and rude. I'm not voting for you.
#4220 Please tell me again the troubles of being a latina at MIT... What "shit" do you really "go through on a daily"? Enlighten me.

"oooooh I can't!! Sheltered ass. I want you to be a Latina for a day so you see the shit we go through on a daily ."
#4221 white privilege, critical race theory and all the RACIST garbage like it, is meant to assign collective guilt and personal responsibility to all white people for the crime of being white in their own countries, cultures and societies. it becomes especially important a fiction when black racists have so little to actually point to.

it turns the reality of being a minority in a white society into instant victimization. this is racism that non-whites can enjoy, this is something created and scripted by WHITE LIBERALS first and foremost.

its no accident that the solution for "white privilege" just so happens to be white liberal ideology... its no accident that black racists are blind to their own indoctrination and servility.

affirmative action, entitlement programs and the like... the ONLY institutionalized racism that actually does exist, becomes the means in which black support is guaranteed. racism under the guise of "social justice"

there is no Asian privilege in predominantly Asian countries.

there is no mestizo privilege in predominantly mestizo countries.

there is no black privilege in predominantly black countries.

anything, but ANYTHING you can attempt to describe as white privilege is seen and repeated in ALL non-white societies. but the very concept itself IS ONLY APPLIED to predominantly white countries, cultures and societies. being white makes you GUILTY. simply existing makes you GUILTY.

it is purely RACIST.

again.. it exists to ASSIGN COLLECTIVE GUILT on people who have harmed no one, who have committed no crime. it is used to justify collective responsibility on people simply for existing. its meant to provide JUSTIFICATION for racist policies and attitudes AGAINST THEM.

all of it, hinges on the idea that there is no such thing as white culture, communities, societies. that white people "take for granted" that they can walk out the door, go to work, the store, a club and expect to see people who like like themselves.

this is what white people "take for granted".... white people walk out the door and "should" expect to see black, asians, mestizos, arabs ...every race and creed. the very idea that white people expect to live in their own racial society, culture, and community makes them GUILTY of something.
#4222  my roommate and I are on good terms, but he never leaves the room unless its for class, and i mean never. Problem is he has the same class schedule as me. My girlfriend I are always in her room and when her roommate is their and we want alone time, how do I get him to leave without being rude?
#4223 It's really shitty that my ex-girlfriend slept with my roommate while we were still together, but I hate it even more that they can't see how happy I am with my new girlfriend because I blocked both of them on from my Facebook.
#4224 I don't think that there is such a thing as "White Privilege". People make up stuff just so they can feel warm and fuzzy inside by making excuses. Whites are every bit as equal as blacks and other races. Are there old white men in office? yes. Are they going to get out of office soon because they are old? Yes. Times are changing and people need to realize that and quit hating on whites.
#4225 I'm terrified of using public restrooms. I don't identify as trans, but I don't dress in a cis way. Whenever I use the bathroom for the gender I identify with, I get glared at, and sometimes get asked to leave. I'm also scared of what might happen if I use the bathroom for the gender I dress as and being found out.
#4226 Sorry for silently farting on the crowded elevator down to Simmons dinning. For some reason, I was just excited for dinner and couldn't keep it in.
#4227 You can tell if a girl at a party goes to MIT or not...
#4228 I think I may have unintentionally screwed Bon Appetit out of a hundred dollars or so. I feel great.
#4229 you are stronger than you realize. your strength is not your ability to hit balls out of the park. it's not how many KO's you get in the ring. it's not your pset score. it's not the number of friends you have. it's not your charisma, it's not whether or not you have a UROP, it's not whether you're working on a super cool project, it's NONE OF THAT.

your strength is your ability to get up after life knocks you down. it's about being hopelessly shattered and broken, but picking up the pieces anyway. and i don't know you, but i bet you've done this many, many more times than you deserve.

and it's hard. i know it's hard. you struggle to get out of bed, get dressed, and go to class. you might not be able to some days, but fuck if you aren't going to try. you hate yourself, you're tired, you just want it all to end, but you still work and work and push and push, even when all you feel is dead inside.

but you aren't. you. aren't. you're alive and kicking, you're clawing at any straws you'll get to survive, just to get to the next day. the blizzard has been beating on you mercilessly for days, weeks, months, years on end, but you're still keeping that ember alive. please don't ever give up. i know you're stronger than that.
#4230 I hate myself for how desperate I've become. Although I've tried to stop, it seems like at any given time I'm either complaining about being single or devising a plan to go after some guy. How did I even get this pathetic and needy?
#4231 I honestly can't understand why everyone is so obsessed with Frozen.  I mean, I thought it was a pretty good movie, but other Disney movies like The Lion King, Mulan, and The Little Mermaid, had more interesting plots, better songs, and much more innovative ideas.
#4232 I wish guys would ask girls on dates more often
#4233 Whenever I'm in a big lecture, I can't help but look at all the people seated in the room and think how there's got to be someone in that room who would be perfect for me. How I could be in such close proximity to someone who could be so special to me. How somewhere in that room I could find love.

But I don't know anybody. We may mostly all be freshmen but I feel like I know only 5% of my class, if even. And somewhere out there is somebody who would bring so much beauty to my life, someone whom I've yet to meet.

I try to meet new people. I try to go to social events (though I detest parties), and I try to talk to people, but it's so hard. When I talk to someone new, 98% of the time I will never talk to them again. I may have an awesome conversation with someone (guy or girl) for twenty minutes, but if anyone asks for contact information, it's me, and then it's awkward, and then nothing ever comes from that. It seems impossible to truly get to know anyone new. I also feel kind of far from where most interactions happen because of my dorm's location, so 90% of the people I know are from my dorm. I like the people I know but I don't even have a close friend yet, and I feel stuck, like I've already met pretty much everyone I'm going to meet throughout my entire time here.

I'm not unhappy, I guess, and I know I don't /need/ love or closer friends, but it's so strange to think that theoretically, every day, I could be passing by in the halls a person that in an alternate universe, if things had happened a bit differently, I would love so much.
#4234 On the subject of pet peeves in lecture... I hate it when kids who sit on their laptops all class and aren't paying attention waste everyone's time by interrupting the professor to ask a question that was just asked or directly answered 5 minutes ago. Ask someone next to you or accept that if you aren't paying attention you submit your right to ask questions and distract the rest of us.
#4235 I don't walk around and tell people that I am a first generation and I have been working really hard to get straight As at MIT. When people approached me saying how they punted the psets and still managed to get an A and used personal relationships to get a great internship, it just made me upset. But when I think of all the things that my family has done to put me into this school, I can't ask for more.
#4236 I find it incredibly hard to believe that anyone might feel that their relationship to me has any meaning to them. Other people make me happy -- is there more to relationships than just that? Whenever someone tells me that they do value our relationship, that I am a good friend, etc. I think they're just trying to comfort the emotionally stunted shell of a human I am and don't mean it.
#4237 If a Chinese person can be offended for being grouped with "asians," I can be offended for being called white.
#4238 Does anybody have a good contact at MIT Mental Health?  I visited today but left feeling worse than I arrived - does anybody know of a particular person to consult with who is actually sympathetic?  If not, do you know of anyone in the area who would be good to talk to?
#4239 I'm not okay with my sexuality, but there's no way to change it, as much as I try to force myself to. I know there are lots of resources here, but I still feel incredibly alone.
#4240 My biggest pet peeve is when people sit at the edges of big lecture halls and leave empty middle seats.  Others will have to awkwardly step over you to get in the middle or settle with crappier seats. It's a lose-lose situation for everyone when people do this!
#4241 It's my last semester at MIT and everyone seems to consider that I already belongs to the past...
#4242 I am already two weeks behind in all of my classes, sick, confused emotionally, and I'm sure everyone I know is tired of hearing it but I feel so helpless and I can't stop bawling like a little baby.
The thoughts are getting worse again.
#4243 I want to move from my living group but I can't. I am trapped because I feel like I couldn't make new friends in the place I would move to because the social groups are already formed (and to step in halfway in the year would mean I stay lonely). My choices are to be lonely with my 'friends' or move and still be lonely.
#4244 I hate everyone. People just piss me off. Sometimes I can't stand to be around anyone.
#4245 is it a bad idea to ask out a girl on my floor?
#4246 I want to ask out this person who I'm friends with, but I'm afraid that they won't want to be my friend anymore if they say no
#4247 I started up a pseudo relationship with a another girl while I was with my long time girlfriend. My girlfriend eventually found out and I stopped talking to the girl. But I can't stop thinking about her even though it's been almost a year since we last talked. I miss her and keep thinking that she's the one I'm supposed to be with, and that I've made a huge mistake. I just wish I knew if she felt the same way about me as I felt about her. I loved her with all my heart, but I'm afraid the love was one sided. I know she cared for me, but if I knew she loved me then maybe I can find the courage to follow my heart
#4248 On the CPW hosting application, I find it strange that there are so many choices for "Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity" and yet I'm forced to choose only one "Racial/Ethnic Identity"...
#4249 I get really annoyed by my friends sometimes. I mean I think they're wonderful people and I enjoy hanging out with them, but they all have some habits or say certain things that just annoy the crap out of me. My brother thinks I don't have any friends because I complain about them all the time. But really I complain to him so I won't accidentally complain to the actual person. Is it normal to feel this way or am I just a jerk?
#4250 Every time me and my roommate get drunk we end up making out. No homo.
#4251 I sometimes wonder if I look too intimidating. I'm a few inches over six feet, sport a beard and dark skin and have a pretty big frame. I like to work out and it shows. No one ever comes to me to introduce themselves so I have to go to them, I'm always the first person to initiate conversations, and I've never once had an MIT girl approach me romantically. I've been told several times by several people that I am rather imposing. 

I wonder if I would be more likeable and popular if a were a 5'6'' skinny pale nerd.
#4252 I am not sure why only the girls in ring premiere are being slammed. I didn't like their behavior at the event either but there were plenty of absolutely drunk guys who were shouting like the most uncivilized ones and using vulgar words and what not. My ear drums are safe - it's a surprise. I found them very very disturbing too.
#4253 Vagina Monologues in a couple points:
- men are pigs; male-female sex is generally bad
- rape and underage drinking is liberating....but only when it's female on female sex
- why are we asking vagina questions to a six year old?
- vaginas
I am all for feminism, but when these sort of narrow-minded and men-hating plays are sponsored, it becomes a joke.
#4254 always take a copy of the Tech but never read it. Usually I just end up using it for cutting mats so I don't put more scratches on my desk.
#4255 I've slept with and probably will sleep with enough guys from other schools that it's become convenient to keep pancake mix and syrup in my kitchen cabinet, so that I can make them a quick breakfast before they leave...personally, I hate pancakes. Steel-cut oats are the way to go, but they seem to prefer pancakes
#4256 I haven't shown up to my UROP in weeks because I'm terrified of talking to anyone there and facing their disappointment at my failures.  It just took me over an hour to remember how to do dumb stuff with logarithms and algebra.  I can't focus of my own will anymore.  I'm on too many medications and want to quit them, but I'm afraid that then I'll actually lift my legs all the way off the ground when I lean over high railings.  And I'm a hopelessly selfish and shitty girlfriend.
#4257 all I want is a girl I can take to a Red Sox game is that so hard to find
#4258 I think I'm almost as sad not being single on Valentine's Day as I always was being alone.  What's wrong with me.
#4259 I jerk off.
#4260 My parents didn't hesitate to pay for my brass rat. How obvious is income disparity amongst students?
#4261 Why do we even have the mobile Stellar site... Its only purpose is to cause me frustration as i have to bypass it to get to the desktop version kn my phone. Get a course 6 and FIXIT.
#4262 When did everyone agree that people who don't like constant lewdness are to be stoned for "slut-shaming"? What is this? Since when is it acceptable (not even just acceptable, defensible!) to show up to things other than frat parties as a drunk cat?
#4263 For some reason, it really bothers me when people (guys and girls) show up to class consistently in athletic equipment (sweatpants, basketball shorts, etc). I totally get it if it is once in a while; we all have hard weeks. But if you do it every day, it makes me think that you're a bit of a slob.
#4264 I spend more time playing Candy Crush than eating meals.
#4265 to our first post! 
We started off great, I would say.
#4266 Today, I learned how to draw a cube.
#4267 I prefer to work on my own because I'm afraid my friends will realize that I'm not actually smart if I work with them.
#4268 I take off my pants when I'm alone in my room because it's so hot in there. And I wish it were acceptable to walk around the hall without pants because it's kind of annoying to have to quickly put on pants every time someone knocks on my door or when I have to go to the bathroom.
#4269 I am a girl and I agree with #1059. I firmly believe that the fundamental principles of the MIT community and tradition do not support hordes of girls showing up to one of the biggest "school spirit" events as if they were going to a brothel.
#4270 A lot of sophomores are deciding about what type of gold brass rat to get but I can barely afford the ultrium.

When I asked my mom if I could borrow some money to buy the gold brass rat, she said "Sorry" in a hushed tone of voice that I have never heard her use.  She seemed to be so embarrassed that she couldn't afford to send that sort of money to me.  But she shouldn't be ashamed.  She made sacrifices for years for me to get here and has given me the opportunity to graduate a first-class school without any debt.  And so what if I don't have a gold ring to show it off!  In a few years, I will have a nice job and will be able to buy nice things.  Right?

But for right now, it still stings.  AM I THE ONLY POOR MIT STUDENT?
#4271 I am a 20 year old female virgin, and I just masturbated to a Richard Dawkins lecture.
#4272 I miss being as close to people as I was in high school
#4273 MIT mental health hospitalized me for depression.
#4274 I'm against slut shaming and all, but damn. Some of these girls just don't know charisma...
#4275 2016 ring premiere was a joke and not even a funny one.
#4276 Long distance relationships are really hard, but I refuse to let her go. She means too much to me to let her slip away.
#4277 Sometimes I like to show up on campus and jack off in the admin buildings.
#4278 Extremely disappointed by the ring premiere. No organization, no maturity, and nothing was taken seriously. Ring committe: you wasted our time completely; if you have no idea on how to keep people quiet and organize these things don't become a part of it.
#4279 Drunk girls dressed as sluts/cats going to the ring premiere. I pity your future husbands and kids, but I pity my kids the most because with people like you reproducing I do not know what will happen to this world.
#4280 I am severely depressed. I have sought out professional help from mental health on campus and other outside pros., but they are completely useless. I am completely isolated and unable to find come up with reasons to not go to sleep in the near future.
#4281 I think I'm falling in love with a guy but I don't know if he could ever think of me that way. Despite the Simmons stereotype, he's a fantastic person to talk to, is a math major (awwwww yeah ;) ), loves guitar and music, sings like an angel, has this adorable baseball cap collection... But he has so many friends that are girls, I doubt he'd ever pay attention to me that way. I don't even care any more, I just have to tell someone how I feel. I'm in love with him. Should I ask him out? I'm thinking Valentine's day.
#4282 I think I might be bisexual. I'm in a really committed heterosexual relationship-- and I don't want to change that! I have no clue where to go from here or how to figure out if I am actually bi, if I should tell anyone, etc....
#4283 too many times i've been disappointed and had to tell myself, "it is what it is". 

this is how dating works
this is how people think
this is how society functions
this is how the government behaves
this is how the world works

etc etc etc. it gets tiring, you know?
#4284 I never know how to respond when people say: "Wow! you must be so smart!" when they find out I go to MIT. I hate hearing that. I'm not even sure if I'm smart or not. I was just an ambitious over-achiever back in high school who was lucky enough to have the opportunity to study here. I'm sure there are lots of smarter kids out there who deserve to be where I am right now.
#4285 You bet I pick my nose all the time.
#4286 I have no idea how to make new friends. The friends I have now are the ones I made in freshman year, and I feel stuck with them. I've realized that they're not the best influences on me, and I'm not close with any of them except maybe one or two. I always thought that if I had bad friends, I could just change them, but I have no idea how to do that, especially in the middle of the year.
#4287 A perfectly ok day ends with me breaking down and crying and I don't know why. I really just want to cuddle with someone right now but most people can't handle that and the one person I really want to cuddle with doesn't seem to realize how much I need him.
#4288 I told a girl I loved her, fucked her, then dropped her. I've done it 4 times this semester.
#4289 I hate liking someone and not going for him because I'm shy and afraid of becoming just "a hook up"
#4290 Anna's needs to learn what a damn quesadilla is.
#4291 My netflix binges are usually a sign that I'm depressed.
#4292 I can't stand it when people talk about nothing but the glory days at MOP, Mathcounts, Physics Camp, etcetera. Please. I know it was a big part of your high school career, but I'm sick of being left out of conversations that I know nothing about.
#4293 Where can I find the people who don't feel the need to get raging drunk every night? Bragging about how fucked up you got or will get should not be impressive.
#4294 it's hard to find other men to date when flamboyancy is a major turn-off :/ where my discrete men at?
#4295 I think I might be asexual.
#4296 i stole someone phone just to return it and see them
#4297 Dear MIT Confessions Community,

I really like one of my guy friends. He lives in another dorm, so I don't see him very often. I love spending time with him and try to get him to come visit me or spend more time with me. But he's not overly responsive. He likes spending time with me too, but he never texts first, etc. nor asks me to hang out with him. I can guess that he doesn't feel the same about me, but I still want to ask him out. Any thoughts or advice?
#4298 Girls, avoid double penetration if you can. Things can get messy.
#4299 I love giving my boyfriend head.
#4300 I'm a guy and as much as I want to ask my girlfriend if she'll have anal with me, I'm scared to death that she'll agree and whip out a strap-on.
#4301 I put my brass rat on my penis.
#4302 I fap to Tim the Beaver.
#4303 I used to be proud to tell my friends and family truthfully that I had never been hazed by my fraternity, and I'm sad I won't be able to do that anymore.
#4304 If you're not Idina Menzel or a Log, stop belting 'Let it Go'. It's not working for you.
#4305 Sometimes I feel like public approval is a factor for my happiness, but it tears me apart when the general consensus conflicts with my personal desires.
#4306 Dreamt about you today... I woke from the nightmare. Thank goodness you're gone now. I'm moving on with my life.
#4307 we get on Twitter?
#4308 I love it when my girlfriend fingers my butthole
#4309 I can't stop watching the video of that deer farting.
#4310 I know your Facebook posts come from Reddit. Stop trying to deny it.
#4311 i met an MIT boy over the summer. We don't even live in the same timezone, but I totally fell for him.
#4312 Dear Activists,
Please, focus on the positive and stop condescending on those who think differently. My dinner, music, movies,.... are not invitations for political debate.
#4313 That Pocahontas meme of her waving "Bye Bitch" has never been so applicable until now. Bye, bitch :)
#4314 Your smile. Those eyes. Yes. Just. Yes.
#4315 The only final I had fall semester was 18.02, so I pretty much used all my time to study for it. 

I still didn't do as well as I thought I would.
#4316 Waited till November, still got my heart broken. And I was the senior...
#4317 I'm think I'm going to get back together with my abusive ex because I don't have friends.
#4318 I got my dick sucked at work today- It was glorious

There was pizza afterwards too.
#4319 Sometimes I forget to wash my hands after I pee, but then I tell myself that urine is sterile and move on with my life.
#4320 it took me forever to realize our mascot's name is Tim because its MIT backwards. #smart
#4321 i wanna have anal so badly but all the girls ive asked said no
#4322 A couple months ago, I started talking to a girl and eventually we started hooking up. In the beginning, I did it purely because I hadn't gotten any in a while and was lonely. When I got my fix, I stopped talking to her. It was only then I realized that I had developed feelings for her and now I miss her. I regret pushing her away so much, and I don't know what to do.
#4323  If you've got an ass like the North Star, wise men are gonna want to follow it.
#4324 Does anyone else get hated on for going to MIT by people at home? Fuck that noise. It drives me insane.
#4325 This no meal-plan thing for IAP is complete bullshit. It's not as if the on-campus options are any good. Some of us don't have kitchens in our dorm, you know...
#4326 I don't know what's scarier: The fact that I have to fall asleep for the next 365 days before it's a new year, or the fact that I have to wake up 365 times.
#4327 The only reason I go to class is to show off my cute outfits.
#4328 I keep thinking about your hands traveling underneath my shorts and your lips on mine and your body pushing and layers of clothes disappearing. If you miss it too, say something, because I've decided that in 2014 I'm giving up on you.
#4329 I have honestly tried to watch Doctor Who and I really hate it. I think that it is not even worth a minute of Spielberg's Back to the Future, a true classical masterpiece compared to this psychedelic crap that has the masses swooning as if it's 1984 or a Ray Bradbury classic. Please don't give me this "it's only your opinion" crap, because I am already aware of the 99% of people who are reading this who have been brainwashed with this utterly horrid show. Go read some Charles Dickens or something for a change.
#4330 I want to buy a vibrator but I'm afraid my boyfriend will find it and hate me.
#4331 After 1.5 years at MIT, I am, for the first time, SO EXCITED for next semester/IAP/the rest of my time here: I am taking awesome classes, in a major I love, and surrounded by awesome people. Everything rocks. :D
#4332 The highest grade I've received in a technical course at MIT is a C. I feel like I'm at the end of my road.
#4333 I constantly fight the urge to slap 2016's who still participate in the word association post.
#4334 I'm back home in my bed.  But I feel alienated from my family...I don't even feel like this is actually my room, my bed.  My heart is back in Massachusetts, back at MIT.  I hope I'm not the only one feeling like this.
#4335 I sometimes wonder if suicide wouldn't have been the simplest option after the breakup, even though I've been going to mental health for multiple years.
#4336 i pretend to like physics a lot more than i actually do
#4337 I just really want to be confession #1000
#4338 to the red haired freshman bomber girl, you're smokin' hot. you single?
#4339 People need to be respectful of others and shut the fuck up. It's finals week. The entire hall shouldn't be able to hear you talking with our doors shut.
#4340 Not only am I a virgin, but I also still think sex and even kissing are gross.
#4341 I really just wanted to sleep with you tonight.
#4342 I am about to no record all of my classes as a freshman.
#4343 When is MIT ever gonna fix that button in the app that reads "I am home schooled." the word is "homeschooled"
#4344 I've had sex with four prostitutes
#4345 I'm too scared to make eye contact with anyone because I'm scared they will find out how sad I am.
#4346 "There's a guy who told me he's looking for a girl to simply hook up with, and I'm so horny I might just do it. But that's questioning my morals... who said girls don't like sex????"

Wait, no one said girls don't like sex.
#4347 I'm alright most of the time. But there are times when everything is just far too much: all the homework, keeping up my long distance relationship, and still trying to be somewhat social so I don't lose the couple good friends I have? Add trying to figure out what I want to do with my life. I feel like I'm just barely skimming along, getting what I need done but letting anything not on the top of my priority list just be forgotten. I sometimes feel there is no winning.
#4348 The longer I'm here, the more toxic the atmosphere seems for me.  I love my hall and the people on it, but it doesn't seem to go both ways. I feel like I only ever see what I'm missing. Every time I walk past a room full of laughing people, every time my roommate comes in breathless from her last great adventure, every time people around me make inside jokes about things I wasn't invited to, it feels like someone is stabbing high school me a dozen times and then kicking me while I'm down. I dreamed college would be a place where I wouldn't be left out, but that's just not the case, and I feel the pain more acutely than ever.
#4349 I'm the person who leaves huge shits on the Maseeh 5 girl's bathroom
#4350 Thanksgiving holiday with the family is stressing me out more than school at MIT...
#4351 Went to a frat party the other day. The girls were cute but I still felt like a total creep and at one point sick to my stomach. Is it wrong for me to date an undergrad? I mean I'm not *that* old...
#4352 I am constantly being flaked on by my friends. I can't tell if I care too much, or if they care too little. It just feels like my time and commitment is held at much lower value than their own.
#4353 my roommate talks to me through her stuffed animal
#4354 I can't stand hearing people talking about how "dumb" other MIT students are. Especially as freshmen, when probably 90% of your scores and apparent strengths are based on high school preparation. Obviously if you already took a college class covering the same material as one of the GIRs you'll have it easier than your classmates. But if you actually were such a genius, you would have passed the ASE. So shut up and realize that you were incredibly lucky to have had a better high school education than 99% of the world, instead of putting everyone else down.
#4355 Most of my friends are wildly liberal, which is fine because I am too.  I agree with them on most issues related to sexuality/bodily autonomy (marriage equality, the right to choose, etc.), but I have a lot of problems with the sex-positive movement and the kink community.  I'm afraid to share my opinions without being shunned or thought of as a bigot.  It's super frustrating to hear somebody give their point of view and assume I agree when I'm too afraid to speak up.  Why are the most "tolerant" people just as intimidating as the "intolerant" ones?
#4356 I wish that I hadn't been told that East Campus was "scary" so many times that I completely avoided it.
#4357 I have promised not to masturbate but i do every day ... is that bad? .. what i feel is bad some time and some time pleasure what should I do ... to control myself ?
#4358 I don't think I've ever fallen lower than this...I'm terrified, a wreck of pounding heart and clenched stomach, and I'm failing miserably at caring about classes.  Or anything.  And I know that talking it out is probably the only way out, but I feel too sick.
#4359 To the guy who rides the unicycle around campus...I slashed your tires
#4360 I promised myself I wouldn't have as much sex, but then I did, and in the one place on campus I went to get away from all the pressure/attention to be sexual. Now I just wish that person would stop dogging me because I just want to forget it, but I don't want to cut off the possibility of being friends.
#4361 I havent actually met anyone I could truly call a best friend here yet.
#4362 I'm afraid if I don't find someone here, I'll never find someone. If it doesn't happen now, at the supposed best time in my life to meet people, when is it ever going to happen for me?
#4363 I am really upset with the lack of east campus representation in the class of 2017 student government and I live in Next House
#4364 After taking 2.05, I can't keep my mind off piston-cylinder assemblies and compression cycles when I have sex. What has thermo done to me?
#4365 I always identified as straight until I got here--too many hot and hunky Asian boys on campus! Is it wrong that now I only fantasize about sex with a bunch of Asian men and women?

-AlwaysHorny
#4366 I'm in love with my best friend and she doesn't know it. I'm not complaining though, it makes it more interesting and fun to get her attention.
#4367 I'm a sophomore and I really regret not joining any activities last year. I want to join some now but I feel like most clubs were mostly looking for new freshmen.
#4368 I am an Indian grad student and my life sucks. There are no girls here and those that are here don't want to date a brown guy. There are a bunch of Indian girls in the city, but all are taken. I don't know what's going to happen. I am too embarrassed to ask my parents to get me an arranged marriage.
#4369 I wish people would learn to take a hint. If someone acts like they're not interested in you, they're probably not interested in you! Move on and find someone who is.
#4370 My purity score has decreased so much in the past 48 hours.
#4371 I fell shitty for having dropped a really hard class
#4372 I recently started asking my bf to try choking me, then tying me up, gagging me and blindfolding me during sex.  He really enjoys it and so do I. I've started watching excessive amounts of bondage porn too.  I've never really judged people based on what they do, alone, with the person or person(s) they feel most comfortable with, and I know that a lot of you don't either, but if you know anything about human psychology, what do you think this says about our states of mind? sometimes I catch myself thinking "wow, this is kind of sick.... why do I find this enjoyable?"
#4373 I thought very similarly to #930 until I started dating two years ago..... and now I still feel the same way.  I'm currently in an ldr and I fantasize about that stuff all the time.
#4374 I'm sitting in a study lounge and there is one person in here sitting directly across the room from me, and every time I look up from my 6.00 pset he is staring right at me... creepy af
#4375 Why would you lie about something like that (for attention, no less) when I could find out within 20 minutes? Why are you so dishonest with me when you say you're my friend?
#4376 I'm so in love but he has a girlfriend AND he's chasing another girl on campus. Why won't he notice me?
#4377 Guys always call me cute--never hot. Such is life as an asian.
#4378 A guy pulled out his dick in front of me so I pretended that I had the puke out all the tequila we had just consumed to get out of the room.
#4379 There's a guy in Scooby Doo costume jerking off in the stall next to me ....
#4380 Is getting into RingComm really based on your connections? How corrupt.
#4381 reached 2000 likes! Yay! 

Thanks everyone!
#4382 the people leaving inappropriate/rude comments (especially those who DON'T EVEN GO HERE but still applies to everyone), y'all need to cease and desist.

But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will ban you.

I understand that line is overused but you get my point.
#4383 I actually sobbed when the Redskins lost to the damn Cowgirls tonight
#4384 I am sick of all the Maseeh staff and their stupid policies about no parties, specially if no one of the neighbors complain!
#4385 time I give someone a creeper stare, I wonder if he/she can actually tell that I'm doing a creeper stare because my eyes are too small."
#4386 weird. I never wanted to live in Bexley until I found out I couldn't. Now I feel like that was probably the one place at MIT where I could be myself. I'm growing obsessed with it now. Why, MIT?!"
#4387 I the only one bored out of my mind? TAKE ME BACK TO MIT!"
#4388 rhymes with hug me? ... MIT ;) "
#4389 we like to party, here at MIT, and not at Harvard 'cause they ain't cool"
#4390 swallow...

my pride when I get proven wrong."
#4391 my first semester of getting actual grades instead of PNR, I am super disgusted with myself... two Cs? really? I suck. "
#4392 luck to everyone taking finals this week!
#4393 have a boyfriend back home but I just made a huge connection with a guy here. I'm scared to break it off with my boyfriend because I dont want to be alone but then again I want to get closer to this guy."
#4394 have a very serious addiction, but I can't confide in anyone about it because its an addiction to boobs and porn."
#4395 I may add, I personally felt no humanistic compassion from none of the politician speakers: they referred to THEM and US, the bad guys and the good guys (not just bad, they actually used some very negative adjectives: knock-off jihadis, perverse, etc etc). There was too much hate in their speech at times. The sad thing about politicians as I keep noticing from one country to another, is that they don't seem to care much about humanity. their values are very close to only one community, not caring about the other communities- I mean, that's not a bad thing, as long as you remind your community that there is a bigger picture as well, and that all humans are worthy of your love. We are all one. This whole world, the people everywhere are all good, kind people. Some are misled, instead of hating them and giving way to hate, why don't we start trying to fix them. Teaching them to love. Not hating them back and judging them and not giving them second chances.
It's not Boston ONE. It's humans ONE (humans in Boston in our case)- it was the love for people that made those brave Bostonians reach out and help during that catastrophe, it was not the fact that they had to help the Bostonians. Tell me, did those brave Boston men and women ask "Oh, where are you from? So we know if we should help you or not?". and it is sad that people at power don't understand it- or even worse, they don't care as long as it helps them politically. Saying things that do not inspire love or care for other people, they don't understand that the majority might just be carried away in those feeling of hate towards some other miserable person that for who-knows-what reasons has been brainwashed and misled into the hate and destruction. Our enemies are Hate and Destruction. Not people. I totally agree with both #440 and #437. And I'm glad looking at some many people think this way. I'm really glad. I love all of you open-minded, kind-hearted intelligent peeps  Keep loving! We CAN make this world a better place!"
#4396 date a drug dealer and I find myself more mentally stimulated by him than by guys I've met here."
#4397 fucking talking about me behind my back, bitch. I wish I had the courage to say this to your ugly ass face."
#4398 wish there were support groups for first generation daters (i.e. I'm the first person in my family to have ever gone on a date)."
#4399 more time I spend with you, the more a part of me misses him."
#4400 am all sorts of messed up inside. In ways people could never guess. Because honesty just scares people off, as I have come to know."
#4401 I wish I lived in Baker so I could live among the beautiful people."
#4402 should have kissed you last night...I almost did. Fuck I really wanted to. >.<"
#4403 know I've been a bitch to you lately, and that you've noticed it too. This is no excuse, as (behavior to the contrary) I'm not in 1st grade, but I've realized that my feelings for you are about more than friendship, and now I'm just pretty confused. I'm really sorry, and never meant to lash out"
#4404 sinking feeling when you know you fucked up."
#4405 I wonder what you think of me, and then I decide I really don't want to know. Thanks for pretending to put up with me, at least."
#4406 my best friend. I'm not sure if you realize that. You're gone so often; I just want to spend time with you. I miss you."
#4407 know you really don't want anything serious. I don't want things to change either. But just so you know, you're right. It's an actual crush. ...Now go be attractive somewhere else."
#4408 love my boyfriend <3 :)"
#4409 I go to McCormick just to eat cake."
#4410 hacking feels better than sex"
#4411 youngest guy I've slept with is 12 years older than me."
#4412 Paul: You are a beautifully sculpted human being. I see you in the front row of 18.02 ;)"

#4414 the beautiful asian female in 5.111 with Voorhis who wears the Virginia sweatshirt occasionally, I would love to take you out sometime. Your smile brightens up the room :)"
#4415 wish I could find people that are as kinky as I am :/"
#4416 don't have any friends here of my own. I tend to either follow my roommate around with her friends or I spend my time alone. Sometimes I think it's okay because I'm not a very social person, but most times it makes me really sad."
#4417 don't find many girls here sexually attractive, and the ones that catch my eye all seem either disinterested or taken. I fear that I'll spend the next few years at MIT in quite a lonely state."
#4418 too busy falling asleep or thinking about sex to actually learn anything in lecture."
#4419 folks!! Now, you all can post to this site:

www.college-confessions.com/MIT

There is no character limit, nor is there a response limit, so everyone can post as much and as many times as they want! (Anonymously, of course :p)
#4420 shouldn't have acted like that yesterday. I guess I got carried away and now I'm paranoid as to why you were awake at 5 AM..."
#4421 was almost done masturbating today and then I got a call for a phone interview. I got turned off. I guess I was not excited to work for this company."
#4422 look back upon when i first got into MIT... best day of my life <3"

:)
#4423 confess that if it weren't for fat amy, i would have hated pitch perfect. rebel wilson is the shit."
#4424 feel if I don't join a frat, there is no way to meet women (from other colleges or from MIT) ... :("
#4425 is my home :)" 

d'awww
#4426 now you can confess anonymously WITHOUT the 300 character limit at http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/T3YKLWG !!! :)
#4427 LANDER CAN HAVE MY BABIES"
#4428 confess that i took a shit in your trash can when you were out being a bitch. i hope it smells."

o.O
#4429 the girl who lives on the fourth floor of maseeh: damn. i'd do you."
#4430 transfering from MIT because I find it too difficult. :("

don't leave! :(
#4431 feel my best friend from home growing distant, and I don't know what to do about it. I hate myself for not doing something about it or reaching out. Miss you and I need you back in my life."
#4432 feel like I am the only one who is clinically depressed:("
#4433 don't know how to flirt and I don't know when a guy is flirting with me. Someone please explain?"
#4434 like you and everything and you're a great guy. Problem is, I'm just not good enough for you. I wish you understood that. Now I'm going to break your heart. It's only inevitable."
#4435 liked you a lot since last semester. I'm just too shy to actually tell you."
#4436 you're really starting to get on my nerves."
#4437 the hell? I can't tell if you're into me. The ambiguity kills me. It'd be settled if I knew your sexuality, but even that is up in the air. I'm only interested because it seemed like you totally were. Maybe I'm just delusional."
#4438 this week is over I just want to smoke a joint..."
#4439 was humming a song while sitting on a bench somewhere on campus.. Before leaving, the person sitting beside me said, "I was listening to the music.. Your voice is really nice".. Made my day. :D"

aww <3
#4440 please fix my yellow fever. I need a doctor. premeds are ok too."
#4441 when I am fed up with work, I visit this page. And I see that even MIT students have far bigger issues than what I am facing, and feel good about it. Does this make me a sadist ?"
#4442 was my high school girlfriend. I'm trying to get over it and let go, but I was truly in love with her. And I still am. I can't forget. No one else is the same. I never planned for this to end with my own broken heart..."
#4443 when I'm too lazy to go to the bathroom, I just pee in the sink in my room."
#4444 really like a guy, and I thought that being open and honest about it to him was a good idea. Now I've been too forward, and I think I've scared him off permanently."
#4445 switched 5.111 recitations to be in the one with a guy I liked."
#4446 just realized today that my girlfriend is pregnant. I'm really scared and dont know what to do. She is really freaked out and I'm afraid that I might get expelled. I dont know what options to consider about this but I need everyone's help here. I am soo doomed."
#4447 don't really know why some people walk around campus without shoes on...what am I missing?"
#4448 is MIT life so awkward?"
#4449 thing about living in a baker quad: you never have to bootie dance alone"
#4450 

#168

"Just because you did a bad thing, it does not mean you are a bad person. The people who realize this are the people you want to keep in your life. Fight for them. Don't push them out by staying stuck on stupid."
#4451 the posts on this page remind me of my break up and make me wonder (wish?) just a little if he posted one of them... then I saw #169. Whoever you are, we are in exactly the same situation, word for word. It is so, so frustrating."
#4452 because you did a bad thing, it does not mean you are a bad person. The people who realize this are the people you want to keep in your life. Fight for them. Don't push them out by staying stuck on stupid."
#4453 love a guy for the inner, sensitive, kind, and gentle person he is. But his stupid facade just keeps hurting me. Now that we're broken up, I can't stop missing the person inside that I lost. And I'm in pain because I know we had a connection that was lost for stupid reasons."
#4454 that you'll read this. But I miss you. I'm tired of trying to act like I don't care when I do. You mean the world to me."
#4455 a guy and am sexually attracted to men but have always desired a wife and children... I guess I am conflicted?"
#4456 a senior in course 6 and I still get lost when I go to my advisor's office in Stata."
#4457 like to confess that the 300 character limit on the submission form is really bumming me out."

:(
#4458 think I like my friend but I can never catch him alone to confirm this. He's always super busy and I only see him in a group setting. When I ask him to hang out, he says to come down to our lounge. How do I tell him I want to hang out with him alone w/o telling him how I *maybe* feel just yet?"
#4459 always try to keep my promises. And I know I promised to be okay. But this is a promise I don't think I can keep. I'm sorry."
#4460 like carving penises on the desks in 26-100"
#4461 year ago, I got accepted to this fine institution, and it was one of the happiest days of my life. I couldn't wait to go here and take interesting classes and shape myself into promising specimen for the future work world. But now I'm sitting here, crying my eyes out, because I can barely get average on my exams. How does everyone do it? I see all my friends, fine and dandy, getting good grades AND doing many extra-curricular activities. I study just as much, if not more, than them and I am doing a lot worse. I just don't get it. I feel now that the admissions people made a mistake a year ago by accepting me, because right now I don't feel like I am cut out for this place... and it is the worst feeling ever."
#4462 just want to remind you all that the MIT of this page refers to the MASSACHUSETTS Institute of Technology. Just to be clear.
#4463 bite my nails. Like all the time."

uh oh
#4464 this guy I hooked up with and I really thought he liked me since I did (stupidly) but turns out I was a bother and I got friend zoned ! Really though ? Guys friend zone too? I feel used now and don't know whether to be his friend or disconnect him as a whole. Oh well back to this PSET."
#4465 just witnessed a good friend of mine get 20$ stolen from him, and did nothing to help stop it."
#4466 wonder if I'll ever get the courage to introduce myself to her. She's rarely in such company that she's unapproachable, and I often find myself in her presence accidentally, but she always look so focused on what's in front of her. I'd love to see if her personality complements her beauty."
#4467 just want him to notice me... I'm here and I'm not going anywhere, so just stop what you're doing and join me :)"
#4468 have a mad crush on this guy I met during orientation...course 6 freshman with silky brown hair. I haven't talked to him since but I've stalked his Facebook many, many times and I'm madly in love. I just wish I knew more about him, i.e. what activities he does, so I could maybe talk to him again"
#4469 love my boyfriend so much that it like actually hurts it only hurts because he never responds with much. I text him at least 15 times a day and call him a few times before I sleep and what do I get? Nothing. What am I doing wrong? I just need to show him how much I love him, but he won't recipr[ocate]."
#4470 we weren't perfect, but you were my very best friend and companion, we were practically inseparable all these months and we shared so many memories. I love you and can't bear the thought of losing you. Why does this have to hurt so bad?"
#4471 only figured out what froyo meant about a month ago."
#4472 often than not I wish that our relationship was more than just friends with benefits. Don't get me wrong, the sex is great...it's just not enough :/"
#4473 most important thing to me is being a kind person. I'm proud of myself because I see myself as someone who is truthful as well as someone who tries to make others feel welcome. However, this week I lied and also completely alienated someone by making fun of her. I really dislike the person I've been this week."
#4474 Song of Dohvakiin is my go-to theme when I need to feel epic while psetting. Is Skyrim still cool?"
#4475 want to ask my best guy friend if he likes me or if he would be interested in being friends with benefits but I am too scared of him saying no. I guess wishing is better than nothing."
#4476 love MIT but sometimes I worry that I will never find my soulmate because I study so much."
#4477 really like this guy on my floor. When we were drunk, we both were snuggling and I wanted to kiss him so bad. He didn't remember anything he said to me though :("
#4478 needs to stop being so depressed all the time. I agree MIT is stressful but we need to look at the positive things in life and enjoy what we have. #Ilovethisfantasticplace"
#4479 one of the most caring, compassionate, and truly cool girls I have ever met, and you, my friend, are an absolute idiot for not giving her the opportunity. I'd kill for her to care about me the way she cares about you. You don't deserve her."
#4480 can't tell if I want to move dorms because I feel like I truly belong somewhere else or because I'm really just trying to run away from my mistakes. Because if I do move I'll just make the same mistakes again. But I might be happier anyways."
#4481 men are the hottest"
#4482 fastened the noose. I'm not sure what stopped me. Will it stop me again?"
#4483 lost the game."

thanks.
#4484 am a girl and last night I had a dream in which I hooked up with my best friend in the entire world, who is gay. I feel weird about this because I don't have any romantic feelings for him, so I don't know why I would dream this...."
#4485 try to game every girl I meet at some point."
#4486 as part of a game, my friend dared me to go on crush.mit and list this girl who sits at my physics table. Real shy and super hot--round a 10 on the harvard to mit scale--but i'm pretty sure i've only had one conversation with her in my life. Turns out the next day, i get an email saying she listed me too. That was a week ago. A week and three physics classes later, i've still only talked to her once in my life...can physics class really manage to get any longer? #mit"
#4487 many hot boys live in Bexley! If I had known that at the beginning of the year I might have moved there...."
#4488 reached the point where I don't really care how I do in tomorrow's midterm. I am just happy that tomorrow is a Friday"

i feel ya
#4489 think everyone should admit their insecurities out loud more. MIT wouldn't be such a scary place if everyone didn't think everyone else was a super genius compared to them."
#4490 really scared that I failed my 8.022 exam and everyone else did better than me. :("
#4491 love MIT and everyone here. Regardless of how difficult it can be and stressful and all that, it's so so worth it. <3"
#4492 like to take a break from all the bitching and pathetic stories here to thank the late night cashier for being such a boss. I love going to late night, especially because the worker is super nice."

I agree!
#4493 terrified #74 is talking about me. 
Communication is the most important, right? Why wouldn't you just talk to her instead of posting it here?"
#4494 I see my ex with another girl, I die a little on the inside. Not because I like him still but because I was his first and he was mine. I am stuck on him. :( The worst part is that he is a jerk and doesn't realize that he tore my heart up and turned me into a drunk pot head last semester."
#4495 guy I hooked up with convinced me to shave and now all I do it itch :/"
#4496 I miss being an addict because those were the days I actually felt something"
#4497 have a huge lady boner... MIT guys are some of the hottest men there are. They will literally rock your world if you know what I mean. ;)"
#4498 --> #84 i would take ya hips for a spin ANYTIME! ;)"
#4499 I feel like no one likes me."

we all feel that way sometimes, chin up buddy
#4500 just lied to one of my best friends here."
#4501 think I'm falling in love with my best friend, and she even said herself that she's closer to me than the guy she's "dating." But I'm still terrified of ruining everything by telling her..."
#4502 often daydream about having sex, sometimes with random guys. It has absolutely nothing to do with them. I just have an overwhelming desire for intimate affection. Hopefully I will have the chance to love again soon.."
#4503 tried to reciprocate my last girlfriend's love as much as I could, and I always knew karma would come back to me for not loving her enough. To the guy who broke my heart recently - thank you. Not only can I now empathize with her, now I know loving wasn't meant for me - yet, at least."
#4504 makes me mad that no matter how much fat I lose or get in shape, I will never be as attractive a guy as I would like because of these wide hips. Darn genetics >:("

it's alright, bud.
#4505 wish Course 6 had a minor :'("

don't we all
#4506 made a mistake. He lied to me, and it made me change my opinion of you. I wonder where we would be if I didn't believe him. I'm sorry, and I hope that if your current doesn't work out, we could try again, but better. I regret it. You're such an awesome person and I miss you."
#4507 It's odd how the page is bombarded with what people suggest as straightforward, universal fixes to issues resting within a deeper, personal context. Not all problems should be engineered... often, expression itself is what's sensible."
#4508 always try to sit in the same general area as this really cute guy in my 5.111 class, hoping that when the professor says to discuss clicker questions, we'll get to talk."
#4509 been feeling pretty depressed lately and nobody around me has seemed to notice, since I always like showing my best face to make others feel better. Instead of trying to find out who I am, be helpful to the people around you. You might just end up helping me at the same time."
#4510 awful to see you upset and I just wish I could fix things.. I do care. A lot."
#4511 kinda miss waking up next to you. I stopped it because we had different ideas of what we wanted but I sometimes wish your plans had been more like mine."
#4512 it, I'm in love with you, Nhu <3"
#4513 want to make this guy realize I want him as more than a friend, but I really suck at it :(
"
#4514 sorry for screwing up our (best) friendship. I wish I knew how to fix things."
#4515 feel like the world has let me down, but even more so I feel like I've let myself down."
#4516 think the number of people for whom I've graded their problems sets is greater than the number of people I've hung out while at MIT."
#4517 still in love with my friend from back home."
#4518 i go on omegle and give out people's numbers who i dont like to horny strangers"
#4519 makes me more angry than when people still have relationships with people back home. Dammit, cut it off and date people here." 

:(
#4520 confessions page is depressing. I want more jokes."

tell us some jokes!!!
#4521 become addicted to online gaming and it's taking over my liiiiiife"
#4522 wonder whether you can be too pressured into being an honest person, to the point where 'pure honesty' becomes dishonesty. What if having something to hide is an integral part of myself?"
#4523 at MIT SUCK. They lead 20 guys on at once cause they are not confident enough in themselves and are desperate for attention. That's not good for anyone involved! And then they wonder why GUYS suck, but really, guys are just put off by girls who have messed with them before. Chicken or the egg man!"
#4524 will I stop feeling 'forever alone' ? #singleguy"
#4525 deserve to know what's going on. That's the least you owe me.
"
#4526 getting really fed up with all this crap. Two things that are annoying me the most. The first is all this trollfile, alternate persona stuff. Really, what the hell is wrong with all of you? You are a bunch of crybabies."
#4527 had given up on love. Throughout all the heart break. My heart just fell to pieces. And stayed like that. No matter who I was with, my heart wasn't whole. Until I met my one and only. My heart is mending. But still its broken."

:((
#4528 generally seem to like me and consider me a friend, but no one seems to want to hang out with me, or invite me to do anything with them. I have many friends but none of them actually know me."
#4529 I was 6, my older sister and cousin told me I was adopted. they even went as far as telling me how an old lady gave me to my dad and that my real name was Anna. I believed them for over a week, until I realized that my sister and I look almost exactly alike...and that we both look like our dad."
#4530 injured my knee badly playing sports recently. My doctor advised me to take it easy for a couple of weeks and ease back into training. I did and it felt better then i hurt it again: the same pain. I told everyone i hurt it during training, but really it was from having rough sex with my boyfriend."
#4531 hardest thing to come to terms with here is that no matter how well you are doing with all of your classes and no matter how hard your course-load seems, there are always at least 20 people in your year scoring higher in harder classes"
#4532 think MIT's culture is worse than my high school's, and I would've applied to Harvard instead if I had a second chance.When I have kids, I would definitely encourage them to apply to Harvard over MIT."

i'm very sorry to hear that.
#4533 like regular chocolate chip cookies better than I like double chocolate chip cookies..."

interesting.
#4534 terrified that my parents will disown me if I come out to them or admit I don't go to church"
#4535 love MIT"

There you go!
#4536 went to college, ended up in East Campus, and I'm not doing anything wild and/or crazy. In fact, I'm significantly less wild/crazy and making far less stupid decisions than I was in high school. I think I'm doing MIT wrong."

Nobody who goes here does MIT wrong <3
#4537 an Eskimo sister"

awesome?
#4538 think people like #23 are idiots. I date douche bags because they are the only ones confident enough to come talk to me and initiate things. If you're interested, stop being a pussy and play the game. Just because there's a goal keeper doesn't mean you can't score."
#4539 someone tell me why all the best girls here are taken by complete douche bags?"

now now.
#4540 I be happy at MIT? I like math and made USAMO several times."
#4541 gad dun exits, huw ded i spoder men? Christians: 0 Atheists: 0 spoder men: 1"

valid point.
#4542 bad tastes, I snuck in two used toilet paper rolls"
#4543 when im alone i fill my bathtub with marinara sauce submerge myself in it and pretend im a meatball"
#4544 are some people here who i really can't tell what gender they are."
#4545 the girls of bexleyy are fineeeee"
#4546 was me. I let the dogs out."
#4547 can't focus for more than 5 minutes at a time... Sometimes I wander off and forget what I'm doing."
#4548 want someone to deflower me."
#4549 guys, we need more likes for this to be legit. Tufts Confessions has more likes than we do...
#4550 never thought that MIT would have sooo many hot guys! :)"
#4551 the silverware,plates, cups, and bowls that I own are actually from dining."
#4552 Banner is the coolest person in the world! Such a great guy!"
#4553 one time, at band camp, I shoved a flute up my <censored>."
#4554 killed a man."
